1:"$Sreact.fragment"
2:I[75517,["/market-brief/_next/static/chunks/0g65zv~fun4x7.js","/market-brief/_next/static/chunks/0d3shmwh5_nmn.js","/market-brief/_next/static/chunks/0ka051yepewro.js","/market-brief/_next/static/chunks/0s_ef34nk2ekd.js","/market-brief/_next/static/chunks/14a8r5bgtnae~.js"],"default"]
4a:I[97367,["/market-brief/_next/static/chunks/0g65zv~fun4x7.js","/market-brief/_next/static/chunks/0d3shmwh5_nmn.js"],"OutletBoundary"]
4b:"$Sreact.suspense"
3:T555,Barack Hussein Obama’s Deal with Iran, the JCPOA, was an easy, beautiful, smooth road to a Nuclear Weapon, which Iran would have had six years ago, and would have used long before now. My Agreement with Iran is the exact opposite, A WALL TO NO NUCLEAR WEAPON! In fact, they no longer want a Nuclear Weapon, nor will they have one, either through purchase, development, or any other form of procurement. The Deal is scheduled to get signed tomorrow, and immediately after it is signed, the Hormuz Strait is OPEN TO ALL. Our relationship with Iran is a much different and better one than previous Administrations have had. Unlike Obama’s Hundreds of Billions of Dollars in payments to them, including 1.7 Billion Dollars in green, cold cash, no money will exchange hands. At the appropriate time, when all is calm, we will go in and get the Nuclear Dust, buried deep under the powerful sunken granite mountains, thanks to our beautiful B-2 Bombers and their brilliant pilots, and downblend and destroy it, whether in Iran, or the United States. We look forward to working with Iran, and the entire Middle East, long into the future. Hopefully, this process will all work out quickly, easily, and smoothly. If it doesn’t, we have the ultimate alternative, hopefully never to be used again! Thank you for your attention to this matter!!! President DONALD J. TRUMP4:T5da,At my direction, the United States Southern Command delivered a swift and lethal kinetic strike to successfully execute Niño Guerrero, the infamous leader of Tren De Aragua, one of the most bloodthirsty Terrorist Organizations on Planet Earth. Before I returned to office, Joe Biden opened our Southern Border to millions of Illegal Criminals, and allowed this foreign army to rape, maim, and murder American Citizens with total impunity. During my Campaign, I pledged to expel these monsters from our Country, and bring Justice to the families of those they slaughtered, including the precious 12-year-old Jocelyn Nungaray, 22-year-old Laken Reilly, and countless other beautiful souls. With this action, the United States Military has brought retribution for them, their families, and their loved ones. Early in my Administration, I delivered on my promise to designate Tren de Aragua as a Foreign Terrorist Organization, deport thousands of evil criminals, and wage war against the Cartels, who have long been waging war against our Citizens, while weak leaders left America helpless and defensive. This action was coordinated closely with our friends in Venezuela, with whom we are working very well. As a result, Tren de Aragua terrorists no longer have safe haven in Venezuela or anywhere else and, under my leadership, we will find these vicious murderers and drugs lords anytime, anyplace, and send them to the depths of hell where they belong. GOD BLESS AMERICA! President DONALD J. TRUMP5:T48b,Highly Respected America First Congresswoman, Julia Letlow, of the wonderful State of Louisiana, is a Great Star, has been from the very beginning, and only gets better! Julia is running for the United States Senate in Louisiana, a place I love and WON BIG, six times, including Primaries, in 2016, 2020, and 2024.
I know Julia well, have seen her tested at the highest and most difficult levels, and she is a TOTAL WINNER! A Proud Mother of two children, Julia is a wonderful person, has ALWAYS delivered for Louisiana, and would continue doing so in the United States Senate. As your next Senator, Julia will work tirelessly to Grow our Economy, Cut Taxes and Regulations, Support our Amazing Farmers and Fishermen, Champion Louisiana Oil & Gas, Unleash American Energy DOMINANCE, Promote MADE IN THE U.S.A., Keep our Border SECURE, Stop Migrant Crime, Ensure LAW AND ORDER, Strengthen our Military/Veterans, and Protect our always under siege Second Amendment.Early Voting starts today, and the Republican Runoff is Saturday, June 27th. Vote for Julia Letlow — She has my Complete and Total Endorsement, and will never let you down! President DONALD J. TRUMP6:T44c,Jamie Raskin, a Loser in Life, who worked endlessly during my First Term to impeach me, and failed miserably, wasting the Country’s money, time, and effort, will guaranteed be trying to do it again, despite one of the most successful Presidencies in History. The last one that went after me on Impeachment was a pathetic soul, Al Green, who just lost his race in a landslide to an unknown candidate but, in my opinion, one that had more talent than Raskin. He spent time on the Unselect Committee of Political Hacks and Thugs, and was rebuffed on that, just as he has been rebuffed on Impeachment, and many other things. If Biden didn’t give him a pardon, he’d be in jail right now! Something should be done about people like this who do bad things, but always come up on the short end because of their illegal or unscrupulous behavior, and hurt our Country in the process. I agree with Mark Levin when he says to, EXPEL THE BUM. Congress can never be great with people like this, who suffer massively from Trump Derangement Syndrome (TDS), casting their vote of HATE! President DONALD J. TRUMP7:T4d4,Markets should be cheering on domestic champions like $AAOI.
Since it's ideal to support critical AI infra from laser fab to production in the US, rather than being a bear.
Feels like everyone just outsources transceivers to Asia like Malaysia or Thailand...
With $INTC, $IQE, $XFAB, $MU, $WOLF, $SOI, $SIVE, and others...
If you haven't noticed by now, they're all critical to US supply chains. And every one of them are getting subsidies for securing Western supply chains.
Before a major trade was to short developing US/Western equities, then hedge with subsidized foreign ones.
As seen with the energy/solar firms that went bankrupt, this backfired a lot on US AI infrastructure years later with the power grid.
I wanted to help change this mindset, since I believe it's very positive sum to invest in building up critical Western supply chains like photonics today.
Especially if $AAOI hits their $471m/month projections after reshoring their production to America.
Instead of hoping they fail and calling critical nodes in the supply chains memestocks/bubbles, maybe it's good to change mindsets a bit so we don't see a repeat of the US Solar sector years later.
US/EU don't just hand out subsidies or CHIPS act grants to anyone.8:T741,Basically this… and it’s how cycles work.
Retail was early and completely frontran institutions on next architectural shifts.
There was close to 0 US institutional ownership on $SIVE.
And now you see active institutions like JP Morgan, Fidelity Research, and others on the cap table.
Happened last year with $NBIS.
> I called out close to <30% institutional accumulation and said they wanted more shares.
> institutions bought up majority of the float
> bunch of negative articles back then, now it’s positive and ATHs.
Two years before it was $RKLB
> Was long at $16, but institutional analysts kept giving record low PTs and told retail to sell, although it had such a high reusable rocket rate.
> retail sold, institutional ownership stocked up
> now it’s ATHs
I expect Foci (3363) to be a bottleneck for both $NVDA and $TSM optical programs and now there’s firms implying you to sell that at $2.5B valuations alongside $HIMX.
So if you see negative sellside reports or an uncanny wave of negative news, if’s a good signal they need liquidity.
Recently some smaller hedge funds have been so desperate that they’re likely even using bot farms on X that told retail to sell lol… which I’ve uncovered recently.
Regardless, it’s also why I spend a lot of time doing research on individual names so people can build their own conviction in the face of noise.
Unfortunately, it’s just a part of life how the modern liquidity cycles/transfers of US retail -> Institutions work.
They don’t work in the best interest of retail investors.Cyberpunk Sense 👑: This really is making me wonder.  What happened is retail based on @aleabitoreddit and some other frontier analysts front ran the optics/photonics cycle.
Then we started seeing statements that $JPM Fidelity etc have been buying $SIVE
Now we start hearing a narrative saying "you9:T6dc,No other President has ever been more committed to both REBUILDING our Great Military and SAVING our Great Country — And NOW is the time to make it happen, for Generations to come.
I am hereby calling on Republicans in Congress to IMMEDIATELY advance and pass the forthcoming $350 Billion Reconciliation Bill (Recon 3.0) — which, at the request of our Great Department of War — will include THE SAVE AMERICA ACT as well. No games, no delays, and no weak compromises! Do this ASAP.
This is a GENERATIONAL Investment in our Military, even bigger than President Reagan’s! Recon 3.0 is the ONLY path to the full $1.5 TRILLION DOLLAR Military Budget our Warriors need in order to build THE ARSENAL OF FREEDOM.
We will defend the Homeland with the Golden Dome, launch the unstoppable Golden Fleet, dominate the skies with the F-47 and B-21, supercharge our ammunition stockpiles, and achieve total Space Force and Drone Dominance!
This Budget reignites American Industry, creates hundreds of thousands of high-paying American Jobs, and secures our Global Dominance without fueling Inflation.
Also, with THE SAVE AMERICA ACT, it will protect our Elections for Generations to come. Our Warriors protect our most Sacred Rights, and Voting is at the top. Time to defend that Right for every American!
Pass ALL $350 BILLION and THE SAVE AMERICA ACT to secure the NATION for our children and grandchildren.
THE SAVE AMERICA ACT!1. ALL VOTERS MUST SHOW PHOTO I.D. (IDENTIFICATION!).2. ALL VOTERS MUST SHOW PROOF OF CITIZENSHIP.3. NO MAIL-IN BALLOTS (EXCEPT FOR ILLNESS, DISABILITY, MILITARY, OR TRAVEL!).4. NO MEN IN WOMEN’S SPORTS.5. NO TRANSGENDER MUTILIZATION SURGERY FOR OUR CHILDREN.
Thank you for your attention to this matter! President DONALD J. TRUMPa:T4c6,Congratulations to Colombian Presidential Candidate, “El Tigre (THE TIGER),” Abelardo de la Espriella, a Smart, Strong, and Tough Leader, on his decisive Victory in the first round of the Colombian Presidential Election! Abelardo fights tirelessly for, and loves, his Great Country and People, just like I do for the United States of America. As President, Abelardo will be tremendously successful in leading Colombia to Grow the Economy, Create Jobs, Promote Trade, Stop Illegal Immigration, Crack Down on Crime and Drugs, and Restore LAW AND ORDER! Abelardo will face off against a Radical Left Marxist in the Runoff on June 21st — The results of this Election are very important to the future of Colombia and its relationship to the United States which, if Abelardo wins, and because of his competence and love of his Country, will have the total support and strength of the United States behind him. Because of his tremendous accomplishments in life, and his political support for me, it is my Honor to give Abelardo my Complete and Total Endorsement. “EL TIGRE” ABELARDO DE LA ESPRIELLA WILL NOT LET THE WONDERFUL PEOPLE OF COLOMBIA DOWN. It will rise to a new height of Greatness! President DONALD J. TRUMPb:Tb37,Given my recent popularity, might be a good time to put out a PSA.
Early followers have known this from the start:
1. I don't do any paid promotions, paid marketing, or accept outside gifts.
But I appreciate all the recent outreach from companies!
If you see or engage with something online related to any type of payment, it's fabricated for engagement or a scammer.
The reason I don't want to is because I'm just posting on X for fun, and when money is involved it turns into a job (which I don't want it to feel like).
Also, well off personally so I've never felt influenced by anyone outside.
2. The only "paid" thing I have is $1 subscriptions. That's all.
From the very start, I've never taken a single penny outside of X subscriptions/creator sharing. Which is why I say in my bio:
"I only use X, beware of imposters."
Anyone approaching you to share an external community or app is a scammer or imposter.
It's just very frustrating that people still fall for these impersonators.
3. I'm just one person posting my thoughts online.
-> Not some institution or Illuminati team.
Quality of research is "high" because I have a technical background. And I genuinely do this as a hobby researching supply chain ideas.
There's not some "hidden" motive like a paid research group from Asia, it's just fun lol.
4. I will always disclose positions if I have them or if I don't. Very open and transparent about it.
With Chinese equities I'm just posting research in hope it benefits people find conviction in critical companies in global supply chains.
I don't have any positions / any financial incentives (so I can be impartial),  and haven't privately discussed with anyone about ideas I post beforehand.
Maybe it happens in Asia, but in the US it's highly illegal to be running groups or getting paid to post about companies.
I'm just posting my ideas for free without outside influence, in case others like the idea.
It probably seems odd, but I'm doing this as a hobby and for fulfillment of helping others.
5. I'm staying anonymous so I can just freely post my ideas online.
Reason being is after I first posted negative things about $IREN, I would have a lot of personal IRL threats and harassment from dozens of accounts for me to stop.
Don't want any personal safety or people around me to be at risk for just publishing free research online.
Anyway, goal is to help out retail investors with free information synthesis; rather than just selling that directly to institutions.
I'm sure this positive sum model might anger people along the way (who have expensive paywalls, or financial incentives) that might feel threatened by information democratization.
But genuinely just sharing day-to-day thoughts for free.
Very surprised by recent popularity but it helps me distribute compelling ideas to more people.
And grateful Elon / X gave me an opportunity through X.c:T451,I do see a lot of comments about "harvesting the leeks".
And I hope my picks like LeaderDrive can help change that perspective around certain equities being good long term holds.
I think my only Chinese listed pick was Innolight last year, and that's up triple digits to ATH?
All my ideas come from a Western perspective (eg. institutional research from JP Morgan / Goldman Sachs I synthesize) and what US hyperscalers like $GOOGL or $MSFT require.
And I do consider about geopolitical tensions + game theory all the time, such as with $AXTI.
I think a foreigner's perspective brings a different kind of alpha here, and I'm excited to share how this plays out.
Regardless, I'm excited to see how adventures in Chinese equities go!
(also, I'm just 1 person posting thoughts throughout the day. there's a lot of conspiracy theories going around saying I'm some Chinese institution.
and yes, English is my primary language, i typo sometimes since I post 20+ a day on mobile mostly).jaycle: @aleabitoreddit 在中国，一直流传一句话，沃伦巴菲特来A股都会很惨，你可以尝试挑战下。d:T5ef,Early Voting is underway in the Great State of Georgia, where Highly Respected, and very popular Lieutenant Governor, Burt Jones, is running to be your next Governor. He is a fantastic person, and truly loves the people of Georgia, as do I!
As the first member of the Georgia State Assembly to Endorse “DONALD J. TRUMP” for President, Burt was strongly committed to my Campaign in 2016, 2020, and 2024, and worked tirelessly to help us WIN. He has been with us from the very beginning. I know his family well, and have seen Burt tested at the most difficult levels and times — He is a WARRIOR, a successful Businessman, former SEC Championship winning Georgia Bulldogs football player (Known for his toughness!), and now, as Lieutenant Governor, Burt has proven he has the Courage and Wisdom to deliver strong results for the incredible people of his wonderful State, and our Nation. As your next Governor, Burt Jones will fight hard to Grow the Economy, Cut Taxes and Regulations, Promote MADE IN THE U.S.A., Champion American Energy DOMINANCE, Keep our Border SECURE, Strengthen our Military/Veterans, Ensure LAW AND ORDER, Advance Election Integrity, and Defend our always under siege Second Amendment.
Burt Jones has my Complete and Total Endorsement to be the next Governor of the Wonderful State of Georgia. Early Voting ends Friday, June 12th. Election Day is Tuesday, June 16th. GET OUT AND VOTE FOR BURT — HE WILL NEVER LET YOU DOWN!
Find your Voting Location here: https://swampthevoteusa.com/georgia/e:T452,Senate Majority Leader John Thune should immediately fire the Parliamentarian, who treats Republicans, and everything that they stand for, horribly! She was put there by then Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid, and Barack Hussein Obama, need I say more? She is a nasty holdover from Mitch McConnell (A man who has proven to be very disloyal to John Thune!), who decided to keep her because he loved giving Trillions of Dollars to the Democrats, but for the Republicans, including the Wall, where I ended up having to go “around him” to build over 1,000 Miles, and close up our Open Border, he gave NOTHING! She is known as a Radical Left Lunatic that caters to Democrats, and has no respect for Republicans, or Republican Ideology. Just the other night, as an example, she ruled against us on a proposal that would have easily been approved, and should have been, by anyone else. We have every right to change her, and should do so, IMMEDIATELY. As long as she’s there, we will never get our desperately needed, SAVE AMERICA ACT, approved, and put into full force and effect! President DONALD J. TRUMPf:T54e,Highly Respected MAGA Warrior, Cody Simpson, is running for Commissioner of Agriculture in the wonderful State of South Carolina, which I won in 2016, 2020, and 2024, with the Highest Vote in History!
Cody is a Fifth Generation Farmer, and Former Agriculture Advisor and Chief Executive Assistant to GREAT Governor Henry McMaster. As South Carolina State Executive Director of the USDA Farm Service Agency, he has continued to serve the Palmetto State with distinction, delivering outstanding results. A true America First Patriot, who has been with us from the very beginning, Cody is an incredibly effective Voice for South Carolina Agriculture, and our amazing Farmers and Ranchers. As your next Agriculture Commissioner, Cody will work tirelessly to Grow our Economy, Cut Taxes and Regulations, Promote MADE IN THE U.S.A., Champion American Energy DOMINANCE, Keep our Border SECURE, Stop Migrant Crime, Murderers, and other Criminals from illegally entering our Country, Ensure LAW AND ORDER, Support our Military/Veterans, and Defend our always under siege Second Amendment.
Cody Simpson has my Complete and Total Endorsement to be the next South Carolina Commissioner of Agriculture. Election Day is Tuesday, June 9th. GET OUT AND VOTE FOR CODY — HE WILL NEVER LET YOU DOWN!
Find your Voting Location here: https://swampthevoteusa.com/south-carolina/10:T63f,Highly Respected and very popular Lieutenant Governor of South Carolina, Pam Evette, is an America First Patriot who has been with me from the very beginning. She never wavered, never let me down, and was the only South Carolina Gubernatorial Candidate to Endorse me as soon as I launched my 2024 Presidential Campaign. She crisscrossed South Carolina and other States for me and, I said, at the time, that this is truly something which I cannot forget! Now Pam is running to be the next Governor of South Carolina, a place I love and WON BIG in 2016, 2020, and 2024, getting the Highest Vote, BY FAR, in the State’s History.
A successful Entrepreneur, Businesswoman, and Civic Leader, prior to becoming a distinguished Lieutenant Governor, and working with my friend, and GREAT Governor, Henry McMaster, Pam has proven she has the Courage and Wisdom to deliver strong results for the people of her wonderful State, and our Nation. As your next Governor, Pam will fight hard to Grow the Economy, Cut Taxes and Regulations, Promote MADE IN THE U.S.A., Unleash American Energy DOMINANCE, Champion our Amazing Farmers and Ranchers, Keep our Border SECURE, Stop Migrant Crime, Strengthen our Military/Veterans, Safeguard our Elections, and Protect our always under siege Second Amendment.
Pam Evette is a good friend, fighter, and WINNER, and will be a terrific Governor of South Carolina. Pam has my Complete and Total Endorsement. Election Day is Tuesday, June 9th. GET OUT AND VOTE FOR PAM — SHE WILL NEVER LET YOU DOWN!
Find your Voting Location here: https://swampthevoteusa.com/south-carolina/11:T5aa,It is my Great Honor to endorse America First Patriot, Marty O'Donnell, who is running to represent the incredible people of Nevada’s 3rd Congressional District.
Marty is running against Susie Lee, a true Radical Left Extremist who does not represent the Values of Southern Nevada. Susie Lee wants Open Borders, Men playing in Women’s Sports, Transgender for Everyone, Defund the Police, and she wants to take away your Second Amendment, meaning, your guns. She voted AGAINST the Biggest Tax Cut in History (including NO TAX ON TIPS!), and fought ferociously to knock out Rural Healthcare, a big factor in Nevada’s 3rd Congressional District.
In contrast, Marty O’Donnell is a World Class Composer and Entrepreneur who knows the America First Policies required to Create GREAT Jobs, Cut Taxes and Regulations, Promote NO TAX ON TIPS, Advance MADE IN THE U.S.A., Unleash American Energy DOMINANCE, and Champion our Nation’s Golden Age. As your next Congressman, Marty will fight tirelessly to Keep our Border SECURE, Stop Migrant Crime, Ensure LAW AND ORDER, Strengthen our Brave Military/Veterans, and Protect our always under siege Second Amendment.
Marty O'Donnell has my Complete and Total Endorsement to be the next Representative from Nevada’s 3rd Congressional District. Election Day is Tuesday, June 9th. GET OUT AND VOTE FOR MARTY — HE WILL NEVER LET YOU DOWN!
Find your Voting Location here: https://swampthevoteusa.com/nevada/12:T607,It is my Great Honor to endorse America First Patriot, David Flippo, who is running to represent the fantastic people of Nevada’s 2nd Congressional District! He is strongly supported by the most Highly Respected MAGA Warriors in Nevada, and many Republicans in the U.S. House of Representatives. I won Nevada in a Landslide in 2024, and have always done phenomenally well there. I love the State — The People are special! David Flippo will be GREAT for you, your State, and our Country! The Democrats, and some of David’s Republican Opponents, would like to end NO TAX ON TIPS — David and I won’t let that happen!
A retired U.S. Air Force Lieutenant Colonel, David knows the Wisdom and Courage required to Defend our Country, Support our incredible Military/Veterans, and Ensure PEACE THROUGH STRENGTH. A successful Small Business Owner and Civic Leader, prior to running for Congress, David has dedicated his life to serving his Community. As your next Congressman, David will fight hard to Grow our Economy, Cut Taxes and Regulations, Promote NO TAX ON TIPS, Unleash American Energy DOMINANCE, Champion MADE IN THE U.S.A., Keep our Border SECURE, Stop Migrant Crime, Safeguard our Elections, and Protect our always under siege Second Amendment.
David Flippo has my Complete and Total Endorsement to be the next Representative from Nevada’s 2nd Congressional District. Election Day is Tuesday, June 9th. GET OUT AND VOTE FOR DAVID — HE WILL NEVER LET YOU DOWN!
Find your Voting Location here: https://swampthevoteusa.com/nevada/13:T66b,It is my Great Honor to endorse Highly Respected State Senator, Carrie Buck, who is running to represent the fantastic people of Nevada’s 1st Congressional District.
Carrie is running against a Career Politician named Dina Titus, who tried to raise Taxes by over 4 Trillion Dollars, and voted against all of our Tax Cuts, notably NO TAX ON TIPS for the Working Men and Women of Nevada! Dina Titus wants to abolish our Borders, stop deporting Criminal Illegal Aliens, and supports dangerous “Soft on Crime” Policies like cashless bail that let repeat Violent Criminals roam free on our streets. She voted to allow Men in Women’s Sports, is in favor of the transgender mutilization of children, and voted AGAINST Voter I.D., but in favor of allowing Illegal Aliens to vote in our Sacred Elections. She is Reckless, Radical, and Dangerous!
In contrast, a Successful School Principal and Civic Leader, prior to becoming a distinguished State Senator, Carrie Buck has dedicated her life to serving her Community. As your next Congresswoman, she will fight hard to Grow our Economy, Cut Taxes and Regulations, Promote NO TAX ON TIPS, Champion School Choice, Promote MADE IN THE U.S.A., Keep our Border SECURE, Stop Migrant Crime, Strengthen our Brave Military/Veterans, Ensure PEACE THROUGH STRENGTH, and Protect our always under siege Second Amendment.
Carrie Buck has my Complete and Total Endorsement to be the next Representative from Nevada’s 1st Congressional District. Election Day is Tuesday, June 9th. GET OUT AND VOTE FOR CARRIE — SHE WILL NEVER LET YOU DOWN!
Find your Voting Location here: https://swampthevoteusa.com/nevada/14:T5aa,It is my Great Honor to endorse America First Patriot, Adriana Guzmán Fralick, who is running to be the next Attorney General of the Wonderful State of Nevada. Adriana is strongly supported by many of the Greatest MAGA Warriors in Nevada, including my friend, Governor Joe Lombardo, among others! I’ve always loved Nevada, and won it BIG November 5, 2024. My Strong NO TAX ON TIPS Policy has proven to be extremely popular. The Democrats want the exact opposite, but will never be able to beat me, or us!
As Legal Counsel to the Nevada Commission on Ethics, Assistant General Counsel to the Public Utilities Commission, and Executive Secretary to the Nevada Gaming Control Board and Nevada Gaming Commission, Adriana has proven she has the Courage and Wisdom to deliver strong results for the incredible people of her fantastic State, and our Nation. As your next Attorney General, Adriana will continue fighting tirelessly to Ensure LAW AND ORDER, Champion our Law Enforcement and First Responders, Support our Military/Veterans, Safeguard our Elections, Keep our Border SECURE, Stop Migrant Crime, Uphold our Constitution, and Protect our always under siege Second Amendment.
Adriana Guzmán Fralick has my Complete and Total Endorsement to be the next Attorney General of Nevada. Election Day is Tuesday, June 9th. GET OUT AND VOTE FOR ADRIANA — SHE WILL NEVER LET YOU DOWN!
Find your Voting Location here: https://swampthevoteusa.com/nevada/15:T435,Former Governor Paul LePage will be a tremendous Congressman for the amazing people of Maine’s 2nd Congressional District!
A proven America First Fighter, Paul has been with us from the very beginning, helping us, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! In Congress, he will work hard to Grow our Economy, Strongly Advocate for Maine’s Great Lobstermen, Cut Taxes and Regulations, Promote MADE IN THE U.S.A., Unleash American Energy DOMINANCE, Safeguard our Elections, Keep our Border SECURE, Stop Migrant Crime, Strengthen our Military/Veterans, and Defend our always under siege Second Amendment.
Paul will most likely be running against a Radical Left Democrat named Matt Dunlap, who loves High Taxes, High Interest Rates, Expensive and Unreliable Electricity, Open Borders, and Transgender for Everybody, among other CRAZY ideas, but the good news is that Paul LePage is a WINNER, and has my Complete and Total Endorsement. Election Day is Tuesday, June 9th. GET OUT AND VOTE FOR PAUL — HE WILL NEVER LET YOU DOWN!
Find your Voting Location here: https://swampthevoteusa.com/maine/16:T514,Okay chat, here's your compiled list chat of your favorite 800V DC related ideas.
1. $IFNNY - $115.8B
2. $ON - $46.2B
3. Lite-On (2301) - $16.03B
4. 6504.T - $14.1B
5. $VICR - $12.8B
6. $LFUS - $11.57B
7. http://2577.HK - $8.34B
8. $VSH - $7.86B
9. $ENPH - $7.36B
10. $NVTS - $5.77B
11. $POWI - $4.30B
12. $BDC - $4.18B
13. $EOSE - $3.86B
14. $SEDG - $3.82B
15. $AEHR - $3.1B
16. 6890.T - $2.66B
17. $WOLF - $2.16B
18. $CWR.L - $1.75B
19. $AMSC - $1.68B
20. http://300376.SZ - $1.68B
21. $XFAB - $1.54B
22. $AOSL - $1.25B
23. $HYLN - $1.23B
24. $FCEL - $835M
25. $IQE.L - $780M
26. $ASYS - $276M
27. $RELL - $239M
28. 6844.T - $222M
29. 4973.T - $207M
30. $PAY.BR - $189M
31. 6616.T - $186M
32. 6882.T - $124M
33. $IPWR - $96m
Also included some adjacent ones you all mentioned like $FCEL or $EOSE anyway, tho idk it's great exposure. Ignored the clearer irrelevant stuff like $POET that people mentioned tho.
There's like 500 comments, but I guess X limits everything I can see.
We'll see how your highest conviction ideas do.Serenity: All right chat, crowdsourcing your #1 highest conviction (10x only) stock long for the Power Semi trade.
Especially given $NVDA pushing shift to 800 VDC.
Stuff like $NVTS or $WOLF, but high-beta, 10x potential only.  Anywhere around the world.
What's your pick?17:T9f8,I do think LeaderDrive (688017) is China's standout component leader in the robotics sector.
I've done a lot of research on other robotics picks / $TSLA Optimus suppliers, but LeaderDrive is extremely unique.
Compared to others doing lower margin assembly, or lower value components, with higher design out risk.
Western institutions like Goldman Sachs Research flags LeaderDrive many times:
-> As a company with high technology barriers (eg. harmonic reduction gear).
-> and likely capturing high component value costs like planetary roller screws of each humanoid produced.
In simpler terms with LeaderDrive, you cover:
1. Many different components, with high barrier to entry
2. High BOM of each humanoid made, if you combine them together
3. Mass production capability at low cost.
For each humanoid made.
Please do your research on this topic before making your own decision; but long-term if you believe in humanoid sector growth: I think LeaderDrive (688017) is very compelling.
Risk is mainly coming from other emerging Chinese companies taking over market share of different individual components.
As well as mass-production margins decreasing over time; as seen with $VPG going from $750 (for early stage pre-production) -> $150 for sensors.
But in general, I don't believe companies outside China like Harmonic Drive (6324) can achieve the same costs for mass production, which is why $TSLA Optimus is creating extensive supply chains from China.
So we'll likely see supply chains be bifurcated with cheap mass production $15k-20K humanoids from Chinese supply chains. And higher cost humanoids from Western supply chains.
Again if you look at current P/E ratios and say it's high; a lot of it is misunderstanding comes from not looking at forward growth:
Nothing has been mass produced yet.  AGIbot has recently achieved 10k units produced back in March.
But in the next 3-5 years, the TAM of the humanoid/robotics sector forecasted by Elon Musk and others very large, if he's expecting millions of humanoids to be produced a year.
So my expectation is the current $10.65B MC would look very tiny in hindsight of LeaderDrive's market capture of the overall robotics market.
So I don't believe thesis like this should be measured in short term timeframes (or that people should actively trade names like these).
Moreso a long term investment idea about how this company could capture a material part of the overall humanoid market that exponentially grows over the next few years.
唐银: @aleabitoreddit 股神，这是唯一的红色🤣18:T77c,Sure, #1 thing is toxic financing structure/float dynamics.
Best example is current Neoclouds landscape:
- $IREN is basically trash, since they have $6,000,000,000 ATMs and virtually infinite dilution, likely selling into every rally (structural overhang)
- While $NBIS is now YTD 153%+, from optimal structures (eg. $NVDA direct funding, mix of convertibles, etc.).
- On the other hand, $CRWV has endless debt interest given they took out high interest rate loans to finance GPUs.
It's extremely nuanced, but you need to take a look at the float dynamics.
If they're legitimately a good company, then it might be a good idea to go long after all the existing holders get diluted to oblivion.
But if you care about your equity appreciation, it's a good idea to stay far away from toxic financing structures or toxic overhang (eg. debt interest, that eats away at a company FCF long term)
With smaller companies, they have this all the time, like
$SLNH, where there's new $500m ATMs on a $250m MC.
Or like $BKKT where there's endless dilution to fund executive pay.
With these companies you're basically transferring your money over to the company while influencers talk about them. So those are red flags.
With many software names like $SNAP, they mask stock-based compensation with profitability. So while the company optically looks profitable, you'll likely see the value of your equity decrease due to dilution.
There's endless types of these share structures you need to look when screening ideas.跟着Serenity学投资: @aleabitoreddit 想请教一个具体问题：
你在筛选这类早期机会时，除了「现实世界观察 + 行业人脉」，还有没有一个你自己总结的「最小验证 checklist」？比如某个信号一旦出现，你就会把仓位从观察池提到重仓池？
非常欣赏这种把金融、VC和硬科技研发背景融合起来的打法，期待继续看你分享！19:T128d,I think my personal style of investing is a bit different, just some reflection:
It's inherently discretionary, based on stuff markets don't know yet. And a culmination of life experiences?
If you look at $AXTI, $RPI, $SIVE, $IQE and others.
Lot of it is guessing on unstructured relationships then seeing if it's right or not down the line.
$RPI is the perfect example:
1. Nobody really thought of Raspberry Pis for AI growth. Mainly people bought one or two just for class + education + hobbyist.
2. After OpenClaw, just noticed all my friends and people just buying Apple Mac Minis / RPIs for AI applications.
3. Found validation of that trend online with lot of people sharing video tutorials on AI orchestration with RPI.
4. AI was their ideal perfect growth vector, did some modeling, and thought it was compelling.
Earnings comes out and I was right.
Everyone in media was calling it a meme stock because there's nothing online that shows revenue growth from AI (was 14% forecasted revenue growth, turned out to be 58%, my projection was around 55%).
So it was a mix of guessing next industry trend (AI using lightweight hardware instead of GPU clusters), real life trends, then revenue forecasting off my guess.
 For stuff like $AXTI:
1. Everyone called it a joke when I bought at ~$12. LLMs would hallucinate and say "hyperscalers/govs would have known about this by now and fixed this vulnerability with InP substrates"
2. Or would conflate very nuanced parts of InP substrate stack, where there's multiple different chokepoints in upstream processing.
3. So part of this was just discretionary based on what I've seen over InP substrate breakdowns, industry trends, etc.
4. Then also guessing the major supercycle was photonics (this was before everyone caught onto $LITE, and others). Or before you saw the $141B TAM projections from GS.
5. AXT owned 40% of InP supply chain, without them the supply chain just gets cripped).
6. All the "analysts" were forecasting steady InP substrate growth, few hundred million TAM, etc. or export controls.
7. Everyone kept trying to say $AXTI was overvalued based on TAM estimates. But if it's a few hundred million TAM you just think that's a joke and go into game theory over allocations.
8. Then I just had to guess, how much would this be worth if it were a NAND style bottleneck, what MC could it reach based on control, how much would hyperscalers price it as, etc.
A lot of the current research outputs from Goldman Sachs, or earnings reports from the Epiwafer companies, were confirmed after I published my piece on AXT. If you did research back then, lot of the same material /framing wouldn't have come up.
With stuff like $XFAB as you're seeing now, a lot of it is just pure guessing:
1. Not really any CPO materials, how much their MTP process makes in revenue, etc. Everyone online keeps saying they're not a photonics player.
2. But if you go through ASE docs or Gov websites, they all kinda cite XFAB as a major emerging player here.
3. $NVDA also evaluating them right now (maybe it's successful who knows).
4. No clear revenue around this area because their main silicon photonics process is still precommercial, but if you guess it's trying to create a EU supply chain to compete with $TSEM, once pre-commercial shifts to commercial, maybe similar but less volume contracts?
5. Then just seeing updates over the next few months to see if anything confirms this thesis guess.
_
I think a lot of information discovery still can be done with LLMs I'm seeing online. But it's also really hard to make a bunch of unstructured inferences based on unrelated material or even just trends you're seeing in real life.
So probably better to just do what's standard, eg. do valuation forecasting based on current numbers
Stuff like $AAOI, if they're projecting $471m/M h1 2027 and you see MC at $12B, probably undervalued might be a good idea to go long for next years.
Stuff like Samsung Electronics is easier, see what people are modeling for operating profits for 2027, 2028 then just seeing if it's undervalued or not at current levels.
Maybe something harder is $JBL. I haven't really seen any great volume numbers around 1.6T LRO, but you can just make a guess on how popular that might be then project how that might impact current MCs.
Or picking just good names everyone kinda agrees like $TSM, $INTC, $MRVL is also solid.
So a lot of things is just building up your life skills then applying that to markets. I don't think it's that can be taught with courses and stuff.
Of course, much of what I'm doing is just high conviction inference based on unconnected parts. Could always be wrong.可乐谈AI: @aleabitoreddit 股神，学习这些需要看什么内容么，新手想入坑1a:Tbca,Okay... just some more weekend shower thoughts about $XFAB.
I still feel like it could be the next $TSEM, just early stage at a $1.4B MC?
They kinda leapfrogged current gens (which $TSEM are getting volume from) to compete for H2 2027 CPO scale up inflection point ($ASX docs cite Xfab (aka. photonixFAB) as focusing on CPO)
By building out some black magic MTP (transfer printing) architecture for lasers w/ other stuff like TFLN.
Basically next-gen integration IP, they're still behind on yields, sure.
But $NVDA evaluating it for transceivers/switches to see if it can volume ramp. That $NOK sets the specifications/assembly for. (nvidia invested in nokia for this these switches/networking too btw).
And if their MTP supply chain works... (eg. with Smartphotonics providing lasers, EU players doing assembly).
It basically volume ramps with $NVDA just like why Nvidia signed long term agreements with $TSEM?
Downside risk?
Already below replacement book value, can always go lower yeah, but typically to a certain point.
Maybe more CHIPS act subsidies next few months from chips act 2. If it doesn't go well there's SiC (152% Y/Y Growth, 195% Y/Y SiC wafer shipment growth)/GaN power semi upside.
Europeans /LLMs will say "oh evaluations doesn't mean it's a future contract!".
This is kinda different since the European Union is behind this effort and $XFAB for soverign photonic supply chains.
Not your typical company + hyperscaler evaluation, since $NVDA wants to be nice to Europe's regulators. They'd prob be pissed if nvidia just stayed in US/Taiwan/China.
So if they can make this MTP black magic work with mass production, feels almost for sure nvidia/nokia volume ramp on some tiny $1.4B silicon photonics foundry or at least throw them a bone with smaller contracts.
In terms of timelines, maybe just a months early since it volume ramps H2 2027/H1 2028 (which happens to be in line with CPO scale up timelines)...
Or just unknown because they named their project something stupid like photonixfab?
Like XFAB Photonics would have been better? so institutions/screeners can connect the dots when looking at CPO silicon photonic foundry players?
Automotive should also coming out of a slump medium term, sped up by self-driving (TSM Chairmain comments yesterday said ai automotive was TSM's growth vector alongside robotics). So their core business also should pick up speed too medium term.
Obviously markets/europeans want a "Nvidia signs $2B+ contract, XFab volume ramping 2027!"
But by then it will be a $9B+ company and you miss out on all the upside. And especially since everyone analyst/institution is blind to volume expectations for these....
Normally don't invest in companies in evaluation stages, but this just seems very de-risked by EU sovereignty + Gov backing, and you have Nvidia + Nokia there for volumes if they can make the IP work.
I think markets are probably missing something here...  there's almost 0 value being assigned to being CPO exposure in Europe as their long term upside.1b:T437,Congressman Barry Moore, an America First Patriot, and friend, who has been with me from the very beginning (he was the first Elected Official in the Country to Endorse me!), is running for the United States Senate in Alabama, a place I love and WON BIG in 2016, 2020, and 2024, getting the highest vote in that great State’s history.
A very successful Businessman, Civic Leader, and Highly Respected State Legislator prior to becoming a distinguished Congressman, Barry has dedicated his life to serving his Community. As your next Senator, Barry will continue to fight tirelessly to Grow our Economy, Cut Taxes and Regulations, Promote MADE IN THE U.S.A., Champion American Energy DOMINANCE, Keep our Border SECURE, Stop Migrant Crime, Ensure LAW AND ORDER, Strengthen our Brave Military/Veterans, Safeguard our Elections, and Defend our always under siege Second Amendment.
Barry Moore is a good friend, fighter, and WINNER, and has my Complete and Total Endorsement to be the next United States Senator from Alabama — HE WILL NEVER LET YOU DOWN! President DONALD J. TRUMP1c:T666,I am pleased to announce that TrumpRx.gov is adding another 160 Prescription Drugs, at highly discounted prices, for a new total of over 800 of the most commonly-used Prescription Drugs. TrumpRx.gov will now provide clear, transparent, and DISCOUNTED offerings for FOUR OUT OF FIVE of every prescription filled by Americans. I was proud to make History during my First Term when we lowered Drug Prices, even if by a tiny percentage, because this amounted to a HUGE change compared to other presidents only raising Drug Prices, endlessly and significantly, every year. Then, during my Second Term, I decided to go BIG with Most Favored Nations Pricing — That is to say, we pay no more or, ideally, less than any other Country for the same exact Drug. Now we are cutting Prices, and cutting them by a LOT, sometimes by 400 or 500 or 600 Percent! These Most Favored Nations Deals have already, in fact, saved American Patients over 400 Million Dollars since the launch of TrumpRx.gov. Of course, Most Favored Nations would not be possible without my use of TARIFFS, which are getting other Countries to “pay up” instead of relying on American Patients getting ripped off, as they were for decades until I ordered an immediate “stop” to this very unfair and, frankly, foolish situation. This is all great news, and I have instructed my Administration to secure more Most Favored Nations Deals, more Partnerships, and Lower Prices for every American Patient. Before filling out a Prescription, make sure you “CHECK OUT” – TRUMPRX.GOV. Thank you for your attention to this matter! President DONALD J. TRUMP
HTTPS://TRUMPRX.GOV1d:T489,$SIVE is my favorite CPO / photonics stock after AAOI.
Partly because it's Swedish and you have entertainment from comedians over there.
Today a new non-technical hedge fund called Protean Funds (likely shorting), went on air.
To said $SIVE CPO applications are imaginary.
Right after $GFS just made $SIVE their reference laser.
(Just for some context to newer readers: Lot of people in Sweden can only look at past 12 month revenue, and don't understand concepts of forward growth)
Also because they don't understand that no CPO application has scaled up yet at all.
So Swedish hedge funds keep going short (with many of their hedge funds like Colosseum / Origo heavily underwater).
But... for the technical readers... from H2 2026 to 2028, it goes from near $0 to $91B TAM in 1 1/2 years. (we're entering H2 now).
Overall TAM hits $141B (which is also 10x+ or so in 1 1/2 years)... and $SIVE has scaled into pluggable market with $JBL + other unnamed pluggable players with that too.
Probably not going to end well for the local Swedish firms, shorting right before the largest inflection points ever hits for $SIVE.
Just a matter of time before volume ramps.1e:T449,The Ballroom is coming along fantastically well. It’s on time, and under budget (Unlike the Federal Reserve Building, where “Too Late” has done a terrible job of Cost and Time Control!), and at a much higher quality than I ever promised, including the DronePort, and ALL of the other many Military elements, which are all vital for National Security, that are being built throughout the whole integrated, cohesive Project. It is desperately needed, and will be very special! The woman that sued me has absolutely no STANDING to do so. This should not even be a case, and it is highly damaging to our Country. She is highly litigious, a serial plaintiff, and said she was bothered in her walking by the White House, but didn’t state her involvement in distant other places. Why then is she involved in litigation on other Developments in far distant parts of D.C. Is she walking there, too? How is she walking on a totally closed street at the Treasury Building — Nobody is allowed to walk there? She never saw a Building, because there is no Building there. President DONALD J. TRUMP1f:T43d,$AAOI is one of the names I keep averaging up on since $28.
Just from random shower thoughts… I feel like it’s just imminent to double or triple if they execute?
There’s just too much demand for 800g/1.6T optical transceivers…
Then this company is targeting the largest capacity in the US, with extreme vertical integration.
I think something to keep in mind is sovereign DCs / T2 AI DCs which increase the demand for 800g as hyperscalers  upgrade to 1.6T.
So demand for 800g can actually keep increasing…
Then there’s the analyst rumors of $AAOI conversations with $AMD / $NVDA. Which is kinda expected given everyone is getting their capacity allocated way into 2028.
Nvidia always starts first and causes bottlenecks for everyone else as seen with EML, so not surprising if another hyperscaler learned their lesson this time?
Also, everyone seems to be modeling lower ASP at scale. But if this ends up a major bottleneck H1 next year as expected…
Could see unexpected price hikes + margin expansion across the board from $AAOI, $LITE, and others not really modeled in.20:T4b6,On Wednesday, June 24th, at 7 P.M., in magnificent Washington, D.C., now totally beautified, and one of the Safest Cities anywhere in the World, and in celebration of our Country’s 250 Year History, we will be bringing you, LIVE, the Greatest Rally, EVER! It will be special at every level — A Rally to end all Rallies! We don’t want singers with no talent, but big fees to put you to sleep, we’ve told them all to stay home. All we want is you, me, a few speakers, and the Greatest Music ever played, the same Music you have listened to for years! We will have the fabulous Lee Greenwood introducing me with what has turned out to be one of the Greatest Hits of All Time, GOD BLESS THE U.S.A., and the amazing Christopher Macchio, who will sing Nessun Dorma, Hallelujah, Ave Maria, God Bless America, and others — Not since the legendary Luciano Pavarotti has there been such a voice! The Rally will also be featuring the wonderful U.S. Army Band “Pershing’s Own” and Armed Forces Choir, and “The President’s Own” Unites States Marine Band, with the Joint Armed Forces Chorus, all of your favorite Hits, PLUS a fine and highly dignified gentleman known as, President DONALD J. TRUMP!21:T8ba,College Sports, a Great American Institution that produces our many Athletes, Leaders, and Olympic Dominance, is a total “mess,” and everyone is saying that it must be fixed. After unending lawsuits and crazed rulings, there are virtually no limits anymore, and soon most Colleges won't have Sports because each and every one of them will be bankrupt, never to be heard from again. Women's Sports, and the Olympics, itself, are in the most danger from this catastrophic situation. College Sports are turning into Pro Sports, except with absolutely no rules, a result no one wants. University Presidents, Conference Commissioners, Student-Athletes, Coaches, and Athletic Directors all complained to me that it has become a disaster, after years of no action, and that Schools were losing Hundreds of Millions of Dollars a year. They compared it to a freight train that can’t be stopped!That is why, a few months ago, I convened a Roundtable bringing together a World-Class Team of some of the best Sports Executives, Student-Athletes, and Political Leaders in our Country. The goal was to find a Bipartisan solution to fix the problem.Based on these meetings and the expertise of the Leading Authorities, I signed an Executive Order, but I always said that the best solution was to get a Bipartisan Act of Congress to my desk in order to save a long and embarrassing ROAD THROUGH HELL for these Institutions. I’d like to thank Senators Ted Cruz, Eric Schmitt, Maria Cantwell, and Chris Coons, among others, for introducing the Protect College Sports Act. This Law resolves many of the most urgent issues challenging our Universities and Student-Athletes, stops the chaos and, most importantly, it may be the last chance to save College Sports, and Colleges themselves, before it's too late.The House has worked long and hard on this issue as well, and I am very grateful to Speaker Mike Johnson and Leader Steve Scalise for their work to fix this very major problem.I urge the House and Senate to come together to pass a final Bipartisan Law, that I can sign this summer, that reflects the views and input of both Chambers. WE HAVE TO SAVE COLLEGE SPORTS! Thank you for your attention to this matter. President DONALD J. TRUMP22:Tb91,$SIVE looks like both a chokepoint and a bottleneck for CPO next year.
Keep seeing information published from nontechnical people who miss any nuances.
Here’s the reason why:
1. CW lasers are bottlenecked signaled by $LITE earnings.
Laser fabs are heavily allocated to EML likely from former $NVDA contracts.
-> Sumitomo/Furukawa = bottleneck
-> Win Semi = bottleneck
$SIVE does fab-lite, so are they a bottleneck?
Yes, $SIVE sits in the laser bottleneck since control output supply of CW lasers from Win Semi and other fabs from allocation way early on (CEO stated they working with more capacity from other players as well).
Perfect example is Kioxia/Sandisk. $SNDK controls NAND output, so they’re a bottleneck because they control final pricing.
Demand exceeding supply from Ayar, Jabil, other pluggable vendors + Nvidia NVLink CPO ecosystem… final laser supply owned by $SIVE makes Sivers a bottleneck.
$SIVE is also likely primary/sole source for Jabil, Gen-1 Ayar, $MRVL Celestial, and other hyperscaler asic/merchant CPO routes. So no way to get around it (can’t hot-swap single channel cw lasers with Sivers)
 2. $SIVE is a chokepoint over CPO.
$NVDA use $COHR, $LITE (which likely sources external cw capacity from Japanese competitors)
$AVGO is likely vertically integrated as well.
However: the entire ecosystem around it from ASIC programs (Marvell, AlChip, etc) and merchant programs (Ayar, Lightmatter, Lightelligence)
Are all likely designed around $SIVE.
Ayar for example, likely tried to multi-source with $MTSI / $LITE back in 2022 but their lasers probably couldn’t match the level of Sivers specification with arrays (removed Lumentum / Macom from their supply chain site recently)
If there’s no alternative at least for the initial generations (obviously they’re working to multi-source). That makes $SIVE a structural chokepoint to go through for lasers.
Even if you look at the 1.6T LRO $JBL designed, they achieved a “drastic moat” with performance built around $SIVE likely sole source.
$SIVE is also the foundry level reference laser design for $GFS, which your hyperscalers use like $AMD (likely using Sivers + maybe Ayar for gen1):
If every major player, who hasn’t achieved vertical integration (Nvidia/Broadcom) is using Sivers for CPO…
That makes them a chokepoint.
Just look at the entire CPO $NVDA NVLink ecosystem partners: every single one are all likely using Sivers. And they all use $GFS as well (where Sivers is default reference).
So $SIVE is both a chokepoint and bottleneck when CPO really scales up H2 2027, over one of the biggest architectural shifts of all time (near $0 -> $81B or $91B TAM in the next 1 1/2 years from GS research note)
This is why I say $SIVE looks like it could be the next $75B $LITE over the next couple years.
All of this should play out next year.
And it’s still trading less than a company with $50M in purchase agreements that buys Sivers lasers to repackage them.23:T88c,Just some random notes about $AVGO earnings transcript
- Revenue target reiterated ($100B+ 2027, pretty sure markets wanted that to be raised this earning, hence the drop)
Remember $NVDA Jensen comments about $MRVL $1T company around networking/connectivity/interconnects?
- “So as the TPUs continue to accelerate, there’ll be pressure overall on margins.
But the connectivity side, the AI networking side of the business has very rich margins”
“Demand for …  networking is simply insatiable”
Also very positive read through as well for the $LITE and the other players. But for TPU margins it goes down at scale, which is understandable.
- “they are placing orders in fairly huge demand, which basically gives us a lot more visibility.. runs all the way to 2028 right now”
positive read through on overall AI demand since it’s 2026 now… and orders are out in 2028
- The initial order for 1 gigawatt, which includes XPUs and our networking has been received and will start Delivery in the second half of 2027. for our other two customers, we expect shipments to begin late 2026 and accelerate into 2027.
$META custom AI program h2 2027 timelines
- “Our revenue, our content per gigawatt will increase. you start putting a lot, you start putting embedding CPU cores into the same XPUs and making those chips basically multi die with lots of hvm.”
Just for the GW modelers.
- “For OpenAI we have delivered silicon and we are on track for production late 2026”
OpenAI custom program timeline
- “If you ask about 27 or 28 that will continue to grow. We expect in fact 28 to be a substantial growth from what we are forecasting in 27.”
More about the demand ramp, go brrr
- “Google, that we expect a diversity of sources from them”
Mediatek (2454) primary beneficary, maybe $MRVL. Already expected though Google doesn’t sole source so they don’t get bottlenecked.
There’s quite a lot of AI demand visibility way until 2028, which is bullish on the AI sector as a whole. Regardless, Broadcom ends the week +0% lol.
TLDR: Strongly bullish AI demand, especially networking. Stocks don’t move in a straight line up, but demand curves 2026-> 2027 -> 2028.24:T970,EU CHIPS Act 2.0 proposal is now released.
Great news: Photonics is now confirmed to be the new structural addition to EU policy.
This is thematically bullish for the EU photonics sector.
Thematically:
- "This new component of the Chips for Europe Initiative supports the development of photonic integrated circuits and associated technologies"
- "building and strengthening advanced design, prototyping, and industrial deployment capacities for photonic integrated circuit technologies and other photonic technologies across the Union"
- "extend the Union’s design capabilities, including in photonics"
- "strengthen existing and develop new pilot lines and open-access semiconductor manufacturing facilities for the prototyping and production of photonic integrated circuits and associated photonic technologies
- "develop and maintain design libraries and design automation tools for photonic integrated circuits, associated photonic technologies"
===
More specifically policy specifically focuses on
-> co-packaged optics for AI data centres (CPO/interconnects focus is bullish read through for $SIVE)
-> “Silicon photonics … applications in high-bandwidth data-centre interconnects…”
-> Capabilities in production technologies including co-packaging and heterogeneous integration with electronic chips, manufacturing equipment, and materials platforms for photonic integrated circuits shall be strengthened ( $XFAB)
-> $SOI directly mentioned in impact analysis regarding structural strengths of the EU. "The EU has a relatively strong global position in SOI wafers, with Soitec and Siltronic being notable players"
-> $XFAB also directly mentioned in impact analysis, as part of creating the current funding framework.
Obviously structurally positive for $XFAB since they're literally leading the European Silicon Photonics Value chain and listed in First of a Kind (FOAK) category.
Initial interpretation, this is heavily positive for EU photonics leaders that go inside AI DCs as part of EU Policy.  I'm expecting optical players broadly to get a tailwind from this framework.
TLDR: EU photonics structurally go brrr long term. Most positive confirmation is that photonics is structurally a part of European Union policy now.
We'll likely see the individual photonics names come out after this release, within 3-15 months (typically in the middle somewhere). Markets are forward looking in general.25:T634,GUESS WHAT ANON?
After today’s new news with Ayar joining Nvidia NVLink fusion.
$SIVE is now the laser source for likely:
The entire Nvidia’s NVLink CPO listed supply chain ecosystem partners.
From Marvell Celestial, Lightmatter, and now Ayar today (the three listed in NVLink CPO).
This is why I call $SIVE a structural photonics laser chokepoint over CPO and now Nvidia ecosystem supply chains.
-> Celestial was likely a direct customer to Sivers, not through Poet. (2023 investor presentation mapping), then bought by Marvell.
-> Lightmatter was also listed there as a customer in 2023 investor presentation deck mapping.
And… Guess what else?
Then they all happen to use GlobalFoundries.
Which Sivers is now the GFS silicon photonics foundry-level reference laser (also new news yesterday).
Supply chain mapping all starting to make sense now anon?
Sivers is also likely now the primary laser source for Ayar after they removed Macom/Lumentum their laser supply chain section (now just gfs/sivers), as a cherry on top.
Algorithms completely miss this type of image based mapping.
After this announcement, I personally think current valuations are very undervalued:
Given Sivers now holds one of the most important structural laser chokepoint over Nvidia CPO NVLink ecosystem supply chains.
Serenity: Wow… new extremely transformative news got released today.
Making a certain photonics company:
The effective upstream laser chokepoint for $NVDA NVLink fusion CPO ecosystem.
With their lasers now in Nvidia’s optical infrastructure supply chains.
Can anyone guess the name?26:T53c,It is my Great Honor to endorse America First Patriot, Adriana Guzmán Fralick, who is running to be the next Attorney General of the Wonderful State of Nevada. Adriana is strongly supported by many of the greatest MAGA Warriors in Nevada, including my friend, Governor Joe Lombardo, among others! I’ve always loved Nevada, and won it BIG in the 2024 Election. My Strong NO TAX ON TIPS Policy has proven to be extremely popular. The Democrats want the exact opposite, and will fight to get it, but will never be able to beat me, or us!As Legal Counsel to the Nevada Commission on Ethics, Assistant General Counsel to the Public Utilities Commission, and Executive Secretary to the Nevada Gaming Control Board and Nevada Gaming Commission, Adriana has proven she has the Courage and Wisdom to deliver strong results for the incredible people of her fantastic State and Nation. As your next Attorney General, Adriana will continue fighting tirelessly to Ensure LAW AND ORDER, Champion our Law Enforcement and First Responders, Support our Military/Veterans, Safeguard our Elections, Keep our Border SECURE, Stop Migrant Crime, Uphold our Constitution, and Protect our always under siege Second Amendment.Adriana Guzmán Fralick has my Complete and Total Endorsement to be the next Attorney General of Nevada – SHE WILL NEVER LET YOU DOWN!27:T40f,Congratulations to Colombian Presidential Candidate, “El Tigre (THE TIGER),” Abelardo de la Espriella, a Smart, Strong, and Tough Leader, on his decisive Victory in the first round of the Colombian Presidential Election! Abelardo fights tirelessly for, and loves, his Great Country and People, just like I do for the United States of America. As President, Abelardo would be tremendously successful in leading Colombia to Grow the Economy, Create Jobs, Promote Trade, Stop Illegal Immigration, Crack Down on Crime and Drugs, and Restore LAW AND ORDER! Abelardo will face off against a Radical Left Marxist in the Runoff on June 21st — The results of this Election are very important to the future of Colombia and its relationship to the United States. Because of his tremendous accomplishments in life, and his political support for me, personally, it is my Honor to give Abelardo my Complete and Total Endorsement. “EL TIGRE” ABELARDO DE LA ESPRIELLA WILL NOT LET THE WONDERFUL PEOPLE OF COLOMBIA DOWN! President DONALD J. TRUMP28:T5c3,Illegal Immigrants and Foreign Fraudsters steal BILLIONS every year from the American Taxpayer. As part of my Administration’s Historic effort to end FRAUD and reverse MASS ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION, I recently signed a powerful new Executive Order, which will be led by the Treasury Department, to stop Banks, Credit Cards, and Financial Institutions from being used to facilitate Human Smuggling, Drug Trafficking, Illegal Immigration, and the Criminal Cartels who orchestrate these activities. Access to our Nation’s Financial Systems must be limited to those who have a Legal Right to be here, and who are engaged in Lawful and Legitimate Commerce. Bank Accounts being used to enable Illegal Immigration, or to store the Welfare received by Illegal Aliens, will be shut down, and funds will ultimately face Impoundment and Seizure so they can to be returned to Taxpayers. It is not ludicrous, but profoundly dangerous, that any Illegal Alien can simply present a Blue State Drivers License, or Biden Border Document, and have unrestricted access to the U.S. Financial System. This also sends a clear message to the anti-ICE rioters that your violent disruptions are only strengthening our resolve. My Executive Order will also allow us to stop Billions in leaving our Country in all manner of criminal activity. It has been said this measure we are taking is the most effective means of reversing Biden’s Border Invasion. We shall soon find out! President DONALD J. TRUMP29:T508,When a Star Witness totally recants, and in every way reveals that he was pressured and coerced to give testimony, and when the Prosecutor admits that this Witness was the single reason that the case was brought, there was no other, how can that Case not be immediately dismissed? That is exactly what happened in the Democrat New York Attorney General and Manhattan District Attorney’s Hoaxes against me. Michael Cohen has come out and unequivocally stated that the Radical Left Prosecutors, Tish James and Alvin Bragg, pressured and coerced him to testify against your favorite President, ME, when they made him the key player in their Political Witch Hunts. Now that his testimony is wiped away, and the unAmerican, Political Charade “Cases” are even further discredited, they should be put out of their misery, and dismissed, once and for all. Our Constitution, and the Rule of Law, demand immediate and swift dismissal, as well as for the Perpetrators of the Radical Left Lawfare and Weaponization to be held criminally responsible for their terrible misdeeds. We have to restore Confidence and Honor in our Justice System. I am an innocent man who has been horribly treated. Hopefully the Courts will do what everyone knows should be done. Thank you! President DONALD J. TRUMP2a:T6b6,It is my Great Honor to endorse U.S. Marine Corps Veteran and former Albuquerque Police Detective, Greg Cunningham, who is running to represent the wonderful people of New Mexico’s 2nd Congressional District.
Greg is running against a Radical Left Democrat named Gabe Vasquez, who tried to raise Taxes by over $4 Trillion Dollars, and voted against all of our Tax Cuts, including NO TAX ON TIPS, NO TAX ON SOCIAL SECURITY, and NO TAX ON OVERTIME. Gabe Vasquez wants to abolish our Borders, stop deporting Criminal Illegal Aliens, and supports dangerous “Soft on Crime” Policies like cashless bail that let repeat Violent Criminals roam free on our streets. He voted to allow Men in Women’s Sports, is in favor of the transgender mutilization of children, and voted AGAINST Voter I.D., but in favor of allowing Illegal Aliens to vote in our Sacred Elections. He is Reckless, Radical, and Dangerous!
In contrast, U.S. Marine Corps Combat Veteran and former Albuquerque Police Detective, Greg Cunningham, knows the Wisdom and Courage required to Defend our Country, Support our Brave Military, Veterans, and Law Enforcement, and Ensure PEACE THROUGH STRENGTH. As your next Congressman, he will work tirelessly to Grow the Economy, Cut Taxes and Regulations, Unleash American Energy DOMINANCE, Promote MADE IN THE U.S.A., Keep our Border SECURE, Stop Migrant Crime, and Defend our always under siege Second Amendment.
Greg Cunningham has my Complete and Total Endorsement to be the next Representative from New Mexico’s 2nd Congressional District. Election Day is Tuesday, June 2nd. GET OUT AND VOTE FOR GREG — HE WILL NEVER LET YOU DOWN!
Find your Voting Location here: https://swampthevoteusa.com/new-mexico/2b:T534,It is my Great Honor to endorse Aaron Flint, who is running to represent the tremendous people of Montana’s 1st Congressional District. Aaron is a MAGA Warrior, who is strongly supported by many of the Greatest America First Patriots in Montana, including Senator Tim Sheehy, Congressmen Ryan Zinke and Troy Downing, and Governor Greg Gianforte, among others!
A Fifth Generation Montanan, and distinguished Combat Veteran, Aaron has dedicated his life to serving his Great State and Country. Lieutenant Colonel Flint served our Nation with Honor in Iraq and Afghanistan, and was awarded two Bronze Stars for Bravery. Aaron has a wonderful wife, Jessica, and three beautiful children. As your next Congressman, Aaron will work tirelessly to Champion our Amazing Farmers and Ranchers, Grow the Economy, Cut Taxes and Regulations, Promote MADE IN THE U.S.A., Unleash American Energy DOMINANCE, Keep our Border SECURE, Stop Migrant Crime, Support our Military/Veterans, Safeguard our Elections, and Defend our always under siege Second Amendment.
Aaron Flint has my Complete and Total Endorsement to be the next Representative from Montana’s 1st Congressional District. Election Day is Tuesday, June 2nd. GET OUT AND VOTE FOR AARON — HE WILL NEVER LET YOU DOWN!
Find your Voting Location here: https://swampthevoteusa.com/montana/2c:T40f,It is my Great Honor to endorse Kurt Alme, a fantastic Candidate running to be the next U.S. Senator from the Great State of Montana, a place I love and WON BIG in 2016, 2020, and 2024!
A Highly Respected Criminal Prosecutor in my Administration, and distinguished Harvard Law School Graduate, Kurt knows the Wisdom and Courage it takes to ensure LAW AND ORDER, advocate for our Heroes in Law Enforcement, and strongly support our Military and Veterans. As your next Senator, Kurt will fight tirelessly to Grow our Economy, Cut Taxes and Regulations, Champion our Farmers and Ranchers, Promote MADE IN THE U.S.A., Unleash American Energy DOMINANCE, Keep our Border SECURE, Stop Migrant Crime, and Protect our always under siege Second Amendment.
Kurt Alme is an exceptional person, and will do a fantastic job as your next United States Senator from the Great State of Montana. Election Day is Tuesday, June 2nd. GET OUT AND VOTE FOR KURT — HE WILL NEVER LET YOU DOWN!
Find your Voting Location here: https://swampthevoteusa.com/montana/2d:T43a,It is my Great Honor to endorse MAGA Patriot, Joe Mitchell, who is running to represent the fantastic people of Iowa’s 2nd Congressional District.
As a former Appointee in my Administration at the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development and, as the youngest State Legislator in Iowa’s History, Joe has proven he has the Courage and Wisdom to deliver strong results for the incredible people of his wonderful State and Nation. As your next Congressman, Joe will fight tirelessly to Grow our Economy, Cut Taxes and Regulations, Champion our Farmers, Promote MADE IN THE U.S.A., Advance American Energy DOMINANCE, Keep our Border SECURE, Stop Migrant Crime, Support our Brave Military/Veterans, Safeguard our Elections, and Defend our always under siege Second Amendment.
Joe Mitchell has my Complete and Total Endorsement to be the next Representative from Iowa’s 2nd Congressional District. Election Day is Tuesday, June 2nd. GET OUT AND VOTE FOR JOE — HE WILL NEVER LET YOU DOWN!
Find your Voting Location here: https://swampthevoteusa.com/iowa-make-a-plan-to-vote/2e:T466,Highly Respected American First Congressman, Randy Feenstra, is running for Governor of Iowa, a place I love and WON BIG in 2016, 2020, and 2024, getting the highest Vote in the History of Iowa. Randy is MAGA all the way!
A Fourth Generation Iowan, successful Businessman, former Treasurer of Sioux County, State Senator, and now, as a distinguished U.S. Congressman, Randy has delivered strong results for the Hawkeye State. As your next Governor, Randy will fight tirelessly to Grow the Economy, Cut Taxes and Regulations, Promote MADE IN THE U.S.A., Unleash American Energy DOMINANCE, Champion our Amazing Farmers and Ranchers, Empower Ethanol, Keep our Border SECURE, Stop Migrant Crime, Ensure LAW AND ORDER, Strengthen our incredible Military, Veterans, and Law Enforcement, Advance Election Integrity, and Defend our always under siege Second Amendment.
Randy Feenstra has my Complete and Total Endorsement to be the next Governor of Iowa. Election Day is Tuesday, June 2nd. GET OUT AND VOTE FOR RANDY — HE WILL NEVER LET YOU DOWN!
Find your Voting Location here: https://swampthevoteusa.com/iowa-make-a-plan-to-vote/2f:T43e,It is my Great Honor to endorse Highly Respected San Diego County Supervisor, Jim Desmond, who is running to represent the tremendous people of California’s 48th Congressional District.
A Brave U.S. Navy Veteran, Jim knows the Wisdom and Courage required to Defend our Country, Support our incredible Military/Veterans, and Ensure PEACE THROUGH STRENGTH. A Successful Businessman, Pilot, and Highly Respected Mayor of San Marcos, prior to becoming a distinguished San Diego County Supervisor, Jim has dedicated his life to serving his Community. As your next Congressman, Jim will fight hard to Grow our Economy, Cut Taxes and Regulations, Champion American Energy DOMINANCE, Promote MADE IN THE U.S.A., Keep our Border SECURE, Stop Migrant Crime, and Defend our always under siege Second Amendment.
Jim Desmond has my Complete and Total Endorsement to be the next Representative from California’s 48th Congressional District. Election Day is Tuesday, June 2nd. GET OUT AND VOTE FOR JIM — HE WILL NEVER LET YOU DOWN!
Find your Voting Location here: https://swampthevoteusa.com/ca/30:T41c,It is my Great Honor to endorse America First Patriot, James Gallagher, who is running to represent the wonderful people of California’s 1st Congressional District.
A very successful Family Farmer, Attorney, former County Supervisor, and now, as California State Assemblyman, James has strongly served his Community with a career “loaded up” with accolades and wins. As your next Congressman, he will work hard to Grow our Economy, Cut Taxes and Regulations, Deliver Sustainable Water Solutions, Champion our Amazing Farmers and Ranchers, Unleash American Energy DOMINANCE, Promote MADE IN THE U.S.A., Keep our Border SECURE, Stop Migrant Crime, Strengthen our Military/Veterans, Safeguard our Elections, and Defend our always under siege Second Amendment.
James Gallagher has my Complete and Total Endorsement to be the next Representative from California’s 1st Congressional District. Election Day is Tuesday, June 2nd. GET OUT AND VOTE FOR JAMES — HE WILL NEVER LET YOU DOWN!
Find your Voting Location here: https://swampthevoteusa.com/ca/31:T727,-> IP acquisition
-> Just waiting for CPO to take off
$SIVE is a laser chokepoint for photonics and are publicly validated by:
- $GFS (1 of 2 public laser suppliers with $LITE for CPO per presentation)
- $JBL (“Relatively dramatic moat” for pluggables built with Sivers)
- CHIPS ACT for the overall company
For highest visibility:
-> Ayar is the largest CPO player that primary sources $SIVE and are expected to ramp in 2027.
-> $POET is another near term CPO volume player that’s heavily visible with Sivers.
For OSINT mapping:
$MRVL Celestial (direct, not through Poet), Lightmatter, Lightelligence, were all high confidence customers of Sivers.
$SIVE is also developing/qualifying with multiple more optical transceiver players following Jabil.
It feels like they’re going to end up everywhere.
I’m not sure people realize how special that many qualifications is coming from a <$2B MC laser company is… right before 2027 volume ramp.
Especially while all the other laser companies trade at $15B-$70B valuations.
Just need pluggables to bridge revenue gap into H2 2027 (CPO Scale up)
Then making every laser they sell more valuable following the $LITE playbook, to capture more TAM of both markets.
- In the overarching optical $141B TAM (10x) in the next 1 1/2 years. (Goldman Sachs)
- and CPO TAM going from 0 to $81B in the next 1 1/2 years.
So, easily multiply revenue opportunity overnight doing IP acquisition downstream.
It’s more of just a waiting game, I think $SIVE is very undervalued relative to forward revenue potential.
If it were a private Silicon Valley startup it would probably be worth $4-6B today.
Just needs to get listed on NASDAQ for premiums to bridge that gap.Ribeyes & GPUs 🥩💻: @aleabitoreddit If your Sivers thesis goes tits up, what do you think the most likely reason would be?32:T830,There's a new $SIVE short seller with 0 clue what they're talking about.
1. $MRVL Celestial is likely buying lasers directly with $SIVE as the laser supplier, not through $POET.
As they've been identified as a likely direct customer since 2023.
An analogy is if O-Net / Enablence / Sivers, and O-Net worked directly with $SIVE (which they have) but vertically integrated away Enablence.
They're still likely buying $SIVE lasers.
2. $SIVE is clearly the likely $AAPL supplier for lasers. I use the term likely, because although markets are 99% sure, the BOM is confidential.
The short seller is claiming it's TASC, which I've already identified multiple times as an Apple supplier.
But falsely they're conflating two different generations of Apple Watches with photodiodes and lasers for glucose monitoring to say $SIVE is not a supplier.
3. US NASDAQ listing is likely incoming soon after the new board meeting and shareholder vote.
Upgrading accounting standards and having immaterial changes doesn't mean anything.
4. Ayar labs hasn't scaled up yet. Ayar specifically listed $SIVE as their primary laser supplier in their website.
With their executives going out on statement that they couldn't built their products without $SIVE lasers.
Claiming $SIVE isn't shipping volume to Ayar when their CPO products haven't ramped is stupid.
5. There's zero leak around news for listing. Hilarious coincidence and management has always been pursuing NASDAQ listing since last year.
Short sellers keep repeating this disinformation to try and profit.
6. I've never seen such hilarious BS around Win Semi volume scaling. High confidence in SpaceX and $AVGO supply chain critical foundry.
7. Using arguments from authority saying they know an engineer and then having them confusing architectural differences between $LITE / $COHR and $SIVE is hilarious.
Regardless
-distorting financial statements
-conflating different gen architectures and timeline NRE
- reiterating false accusations
to profit off short term sentiment is likely going to see them turn into a long as CPO/Jabil partnerships volume ramp.33:T6c9,It’s actually just a cultural thing in Sweden to dislike anything special or growth related.
They’re telling everyone to “give up on markets”
Don’t take it to heart, just something to laugh at and welcome.
Since it shifts control to US funds + likely makes Sivers a US company down the road.
Because it’s cultural, many will start crying if they see $SIVE balloon forward revenue pipelines 77% from $JBL photonics 1.6T LRO in just a few months.
Even more so if they learn Sivers is likely to supply more pluggable optical transceiver players.
You’ve already kinda seen it with $SOI, at this point even with local French firms/retail shorting + negative press..
US institutions/investors don’t really care anymore since they own a large part of the float, and that’s up 4x now.
Just from personal ests on share structure:
Maybe ~5% Swedish retail ownership to go (down from ~60%+ -> 8% -> 5%)…
Which might be 13% of free float. So these types of local media publications are very positive for US investors/institutions.
Qualitatively speaking, everyone in Western institutional side of things seem very overwhelming positive on optical companies like $SIVE.
Since they’re familiar with Ayar, Celestial, and private CPO leaders compared to a lot of retail or local Swedish funds who don’t understand.
And majority of access should unlock after likely NASDAQ listing soon.
You’re just witnessing how ownership changes to Western institutions and it’s a good reminder to know what you own so you’re not influenced by Swedish culture.
MoonGuy: Swedish hedge funds really trying anything to save their shorts
To bad the Swedes sold all their $SIVE at 25 SEK 😂🫵
Thanks to @ekroth for getting this newspaper34:Tdab,Just some mobile shower thoughts around $XFAB and train of thought:
1. 800vdc $NVDA push look for GaN/SiC players / power semis.
2. $NVTS and other fabless/fab-lite beneficiaries of $NVDA push probably use foundry models
3. care more about Western supply chains over Asia, want to build up Western capabilities + Western premiums.
4 China has a lot of capacity, maybe risk into 2028, but again it’s building up Western supply chains
5. XFAB only high volume SiC foundry in America (others like $ON or Infineon are vertically integrated)
6. advanced 6in SiC, 8in GaN on Si, building out 8in GaN
7. Maybe likely they’re developing 8in SiC from CHIPS backing, just not public material
8. check SiC revenue -> 152% Y/Y growth okay. Probably something markets missed, since blended looks worse from automotive slump, that should come out recovery
9. $NVTS and others turns out to use $XFAB. $POWI cites $XFAB in filings, among others.
10. both are $NVDA power semi explicit partners, great exposure indicator to 800vdc power semi players.
11. US Dpt. of commerce cites $XFAB as only high volume SiC foundry in the US, $50M PMT
12. validation from US Gov about critical component in supply chains is amazing
13. EU CHIPS Act gives $XFAB $128M EU, for foundry (MEMS, AI, etc), okay turns out they’re critical MEMS player
14. So that’s validation from EU gov about critical component in supply chains, dual continent subsidies
15. So now we know $XFAB is a critical MEMS foundry so you get SiC capabilities, GaN development, and MEMS upside
16. they also got $47.6M EU funding for leading Silicon Photonics supply chain in EU. So that’s EU funding on multiple angles.
17. Turns out, I know all the players there from smartphotonics from $GFS deck.
18. $NVDA and $NOK are qualifying them for silicon photonics HVM. I think this is just a government backing angle for success in EU photonics so likely to succeed… kinda like how Us gov encourages everyone to use $INTC.
19. Okay chips act 2 is coming out next week… so they’ll probably get funding there or more revenue commitments
20. 1.28 p/b, now that’s probably just book cost? Likely coming out of $SOI type legacy drag cycle.
21. Did some modeling around actually replacement values, true replacement p/b cost likely ~.5/.7.
22. Getting business for free, while having upside from SiC near term into Silicon Photonics / GaN as main growth past H2 2027.
Thoughts: derisked by p/b values + replacement value. maybe like 20% downside from macro.
However, critical dual continent importance. So downside risk seems low, but upside is compelling.
Lot of capex likely backstopped by upcoming chips act catalyst + national security concerns.
Maybe 2.5-4x rerating seems possible/likely.
Not a 10-20x, but recovery from depressed valuations from silicon photonics upside with SiC / GaN bridge.
TLDR: likely trading lower than replacement value, dual continent subsidies likely subsidize capex.
Gov grants shows importance to Western supply chains, photonics longer term upside, SiC/GaN demand likely near term upside and bridge.
Don’t control any recent volatility, should shake out anyone not really confident in the thesis though.
CHIPS act 2 from EU is coming up, $XFAB was listed in earlier blueprints for optical ecosystem, so should get a boost after that comes out as near term event catalysts.
So now is the risk reward seems compelling, we’ll see if this is right or notGantiq: @aleabitoreddit Whats your expectation for $XFAB ?35:T4bd,We should have a giant MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN RALLY, for 250, instead of having overpriced singers, who nobody wants to hear, whose music is boring, and yet who do nothing but complain. Cancel it, just like I canceled my involvement with the failing and unsafe to be in Kennedy Center, because a Highly Conflicted, Crooked Federal Judge, said that I should not be allowed to spend my time and money in order to MAKE THE CENTER GREAT AGAIN, actually, far greater than it ever was before! It would have also been nice to see a Republican/Democrat union bring it back to life. The Kennedy Center is broken, unsafe, and $busted, and has been for many years! Judge Cooper also stated that the highly prestigious Board of the Center was not authorized to add on the name “TRUMP” despite the fact that hundreds of millions of dollars of my time and money will be necessary for its successful reincarnation. So now, the Kennedy Center will collapse, both structurally and financially. Judge Cooper and his wife, Amy Jeffress (obfuscation anyone?), should be ashamed of themselves. Judge Cooper, like numerous other Crooked Judges on my cases, should be IMPEACHED. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! President DONALD J. TRUMP36:T4a3,I understand Artists are getting “the yips” having to do with their performance on Wednesday, so I am thinking about bringing the Number One Attraction anywhere in the World, the man who gets much larger audiences than Elvis in his prime, and he does so without a guitar, the man who loves our Country more than anyone else, and the man who some say is the Greatest President in History (THE GOAT!), DONALD J. TRUMP, to take the place of these highly paid, Third Rate “Artists,” and give a major speech, rallying the Country forward like I have done ever since being President! Two years ago, the United States was DEAD. Now we have the “HOTTEST” Country anywhere in the World. I don’t want so-called “Artists” that get paid far too much money, who aren’t happy. I only want to be surrounded by Happy People, Smart People, Successful People, and People that know how to WIN. So, by copy of this TRUTH, I am ordering my Representatives to look at the feasibility of doing an AMERICA IS BACK Rally on Wednesday, Washington, D.C., same time, same location. Only Great Patriots invited — It will be a Wild and Beautiful Celebration of America! President DONALD J. TRUMP37:T1075,Can you imagine? A Barack Hussein Obama Judge named Christopher Cooper has stopped a magnificent structural and aesthetic rebuilding of The Trump Kennedy Center where Millions of Dollars of material, marble, furniture, steel, air conditioning, heating, and so much else was ordered, or soon to be ordered, with the end result being a structure that would no longer be in a potential state of collapse, rusted, rotted, and rat and bug infested, to one that would be the Finest anywhere in the World. It was necessary to close the Center in order to get this work done. It is not possible to have a major and very dangerous Construction job, including the replacement of structural beams, with audiences innocently going in to watch a Play. The marble is in terrible shape, the pipes are gone, the air conditioning and heating systems are 65 years old, and no longer functioning. It was all being torn out to be replaced by brand new Carrier Equipment, at the highest standard. Now that won’t happen anymore because a Judge, whose wife is an anti Trump Hater, and he is too, decided, unprecedentedly, to not allow a desperately needed Building Renovation to go forward. On top of that, he said, “Rip his name off the Building, he’s got 20 days to do so,” even though a large Board of some of the most distinguished people in the Country voted unanimously to put the name up. I didn’t do it, the Board did because they thought it would be good for this dying Institution, which was doing Record Low Business and, especially after COVID, only getting worse — True for other such Institutions throughout the Country, but The Trump Kennedy Center was going to be a special one. It would have fully recovered, when none others will. It would have been a New Standard of Excellence, one of my many Gifts to Washington, D.C. The new Building would have been incomparable, beautiful marble, magnificent chandeliers, the finest carpets, rugs, and furniture, designed at the highest level but, perhaps most importantly, replaced steel on many beams, columns, and girders, making the Building structurally sound again. People shouldn’t be allowed to go into that Building until this is fixed, and yet the Trump Hating Judge wants to keep it open because his wife probably told him to do so! Cooper’s wife, Amy Jeffress, who doesn’t use the “Cooper” name because they, as a couple, don’t want people to know that she has a Conflict of Interest with an important Judge, is a Radical Left Democrat, who worked as a Federal Prosecutor and Counselor to Obama Attorney General, Eric Holder, worked behind the scenes for the January 6th Unselect Committee of Political Hacks and Thugs, Dirty Cop FBI attorney Lisa Page in the Hillary Clinton Email Scandal, RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA Hoax, and her Millions of Dollars Settlement, even though she was “guilty as hell,” and is currently representing Sleepy Joe Biden on the release of his audio tapes, and more. She also works for the same Legal Firm that represented E. Jean Carroll who received a decision against me, now under appeal, that was shocking to the entire World. Amy is totally wired into the Left System, from her husband down, and it is impossible for me to be treated fairly. He has a total Conflict of Interest, and should be brought up on charges for not revealing these facts. That is why The Kennedy Center will soon be closed, probably never to open again. That is why, at a different level, and with different players, our Country lost the TARIFF Case, and is forced to pay back 149 Billion Dollars in money received from people who hate everything we stand for. They are laughing all the way to the Bank at how stupid we are (One half sentence clause from the Supreme Court would have saved us this incalculable amount of money!), and that is probably why our Country will lose the Birthright Citizenship Case (No other Country in the World has this — It is totally unaffordable!), because our Court System is RIGGED, no different than our Political System is RIGGED, and the people of our Country know it, and that is why I got overwhelmingly elected President, in Record Numbers, and will FIGHT, FIGHT, FIGHT! President DONALD J. TRUMP38:T883,Had some more time go through $SIVE earnings transcript, it’s very bullish:
- $JBL pluggable partnership led to more optical transceiver requests for $SIVE
So maybe Innolight/Eoptolink and other large players are my guess.
- More laser capacity on top of Win Semi with more partners being developed. “When the timing is right, we will bring those details to the market.”
CEO said it’s not just Win/Glasgow. I’m already confident in Win Semi scaling capacity, given they’re critical in SpaceX / $AVGO supply chains already.
But this derisks those capacity ramp even more. Just not publicly disclosed yet.
-  tremendous executive credibility and experience with U.S. markets, as well as strong M&A experience
Flagged M&A in regards to new board members, which we guessed based on their backgrounds.
- “Production orders are imminent from our lead SATCOM”…
So that’s volume ramp for space
- U.S dual listing progressing smoothly
No exact timeline, my personal guess was around late Q3 or Q4. Probably after June board meeting, they’ll announce timing since that’s when new board members come in.
- “Viewing the ecosystem vendors as competitors is the wrong way to go about it in supercycles where demand far outstrips supply.”
Too much demand in photonics
- “Over the last five months, there's been a rapid increase in the Photonics pipeline as well”
Basically 77% growth pipeline came from photonics (which validated thesis about cpo/pluggable growth vectors for sivers)
TLDR:
We moved from “can sivers get customers this small and can they compete with $LITE?”
To execution eg. “how much can sivers even produce to feed into each supercycle” as they’re volume ramping while demand > supply.”
To me that’s very positive if anything they make gets bought.
Also there’s likely to be a lot of TAM expansion in the photonics space post-M&A as well as more ongoing hyperscaler supplier qualifications hinted.
Again, revenue pipeline surged 77% in just their quarter (5m) largely from photonics… over the entire company’s history.
As CPO scales up h2 2027 onwards, I’m expecting the revenue numbers to look like an exponential curve.39:T67a,- $AAOI at $12B
- $SIVE at $2B
- Foci at $2.8B
- Shunsin at $2B
Usually the best risk/reward to me currently. Lot of my answers before like $AXTI already 10x’d, so different lineup this time.
$AAOI due to absurd H1 2027 revenue projections from capacity ramp, doing everything from laser fab to assembly in America.
$471M/month… that’s in 2027, the TAM increases exponentially in 2028.
$SIVE is also ramping absurdly high, 77% revenue pipeline growth of the entire company’s history to ~$799M
Primarily from photonics… in a single quarter. And they’re projecting 60% gross margins off that.
Foci - $NVDA / $TSM primarily FAU supplier and bottleneck for COUPE. Genuinely not sure how this is $2.8B.
BOM share for their passive components + FAU are massive in 2028. Just a bit early H1 2026.
Shunsin - Legit you see Foxconn get CPO/photonics related orders over and over for $NVDA and others.
Just nobody knows the packaging/testing gets done by Shunsin.
A lot of contracts are also under Shunsin’s subsidiary too.. so markets/algorithms don’t know what’s coming imo.
Runner up is $XFAB, they’ll probably be central to EU CHIPS act 2 for silicon photonics at ~$1.5B MC.
And of course SiC/GaN foundries should go brr with 800vdc push by Nvidia.
Especially if they’re the only high volume one in United States per Dpt. Of Commerce.
And it’s such a low price/book ratio so you’re kinda getting the company upside for free, while US Gov/EU Gov subsidize their capex.Dr. Eidolon: @aleabitoreddit What are your top 4 stocks to buy right now, at current market capitalizations and offering the best risk/reward, if you could only choose 4?3a:T972,The Failing New York Times is doing everything possible to criticize the magnificent restoration of the Reflecting Pool, located between two of America’s most important Landmarks, The Lincoln Memorial, and The Washington Monument. Hundreds of Millions of Dollars have been spent throughout the years trying to fix it, and even from its inception, in 1922, it never really worked! Finally, we have professionals doing the right job for a tiny fraction of the money that has been spent, and The Failing New York Times continues to demean the work of these wonderful, talented, and proud construction professionals that are bringing this over 2,000 foot long pool, the largest in the World, BACK TO LIFE! It is happening before your very eyes, and will soon be completed at a much higher level, and after doing much more work than was originally anticipated.
As an example, in addition to doing the interior Pool, we are restoring the walkway surfaces on each side, fixing the water system, drainage, and so much more — The scope of the Project has been greatly enlarged as we became involved because we realized how important it would be to Washington, D.C., and the record number of visitors coming to our now very safe Capital for all of the upcoming events in celebration of our 250th Anniversary. It is one of the most visited and photographed Pools in the World and, when we took it over, it was a disgusting, garbage strewn dump that leaked, smelled, and was an embarrassment to our Country, and two of our Greatest Presidents. 45,000 Gallons a Day of water was pouring out of its broken seams, so that water would have to run continuously just to keep it at the same level. All of that will soon be fixed for a small fraction of the Hundreds of Millions of Dollars that the Obama and Biden Administrations haplessly wasted, only to have a Pool that was in worse shape after they finished the job.But that doesn’t stop The Times from continuing its quest to hurt the reputation of those involved. The New York Times, which is doing poorly, should spend more of its energy on fixing its broken “shop,” and celebrating America’s Greatness. Attached are statements made by Secretary of the Interior, Doug Burgum, and others, talking about the true FACTS, and how Great and Beautiful a Project this will soon be as it opens prior to our wonderful 250th Fourth of July Celebration! President DONALD J. TRUMP3b:T676,Highly Respected and very popular Lieutenant Governor of South Carolina, Pam Evette, is an America First Patriot who has been with me from the very beginning. She never wavered, never let me down, and was the only South Carolina Gubernatorial Candidate to Endorse me as soon as I launched my 2024 Presidential Campaign. She crisscrossed South Carolina and other States for me, and I said, at the time, that this is truly something which I cannot forget! Now Pam is running to be the next Governor of South Carolina, a place I love and WON BIG in 2016, 2020, and 2024, getting the Highest Vote, BY FAR, in the State’s History. A successful Entrepreneur, Businesswoman, and Civic Leader, prior to becoming a distinguished Lieutenant Governor, and working with my friend, and GREAT Governor, Henry McMaster, Pam has proven she has the Courage and Wisdom to deliver strong results for the people of her wonderful State, and our Nation. As your next Governor, Pam will fight hard to Grow the Economy, Cut Taxes and Regulations, Promote MADE IN THE U.S.A., Champion our Amazing Farmers and Ranchers, Keep our Border SECURE, Stop Migrant Crime, Strengthen our Military/Veterans, Safeguard our Elections, and Protect our always under siege Second Amendment. Pam Evette is a good friend, fighter, and WINNER, and will be a terrific Governor of South Carolina. Pam has my Complete and Total Endorsement — SHE WILL NEVER LET YOU DOWN! A BIG added plus for Pam is that, I hear, Henry McMaster, Jr., the brilliant and very competent son of Henry and Peggy, will be running with her as the next Lieutenant Governor. I LOVE SOUTH CAROLINA! President DONALD J. TRUMP3c:Td9e,Shockingly, a Judge appointed by Barack Hussein Obama, Christopher Cooper, ruled that The Kennedy Center, which was going to close in early July for largescale renovations and construction due to years of neglect, decay, and poor maintenance, and which was to be transformed by the Trump Administration into the Finest Facility of its kind, anywhere in the World, is not allowed to close for these renovations, which would not be possible to properly do without such a closure. Additionally, Judge Cooper ruled that the 36 Member Board of Trustees, which unanimously voted to add the name “TRUMP” onto the former Kennedy Center, making it The Trump Kennedy Center, did not have the right to do such an addition, and the name, “TRUMP,” must be removed.The Kennedy Center has lost, over the years, prior to our getting involved a short while ago, Hundreds of Millions of Dollars — In some cases, including ridiculous construction jobs that were done, over 100 Million Dollars a year. I took great pride in taking over a losing Institution, and looked forward to making it into a Great and Prestigious WINNER for Washington, D.C., and indeed, the United States of America. Unfortunately, Judge Cooper and the Radical Left would rather see it DIE than have President Trump transform it into something that everyone could be proud of, much as I have done, in many cases, throughout my life, and recently, with all of the construction, renovations, and “fix ups” that we have completed with the Department of Interior on Waterfalls, Fountains, Monuments, and other things of Beauty that we have brought back to life in a now SAFE AND SECURE, after Record Setting Crime, Washington, D.C., which is thriving like, perhaps, never before!Therefore, based on the fact that the Radical Left Democrats care more about opposing your favorite President, ME, than saving a dying Performing Arts Center, almost all of which lose large amounts of money throughout the Country, we are going to be working with Congress to transfer this failing Institution back to them so they can make a determination as to what to do with it. Judge Cooper was given a presentation by leading Building and Construction Experts as to how structurally dangerous the Building is, with rotting beams, parking areas that are subject to collapse, and various other Life and Safety problems, in addition to the fact that it also needs a MAJOR renovation, from an aesthetic standpoint, but he was not “swayed,” and said he wants the Building to, incredibly, remain open and, therefore, dangerous. Judge Cooper should be ashamed of himself! I cannot be involved with a situation where danger to the Public is allowed to flourish in plain and open sight. Unless I am free to do what I do better than anyone else, bring this Institution back, physically, financially, and artistically, I have no interest in continuing what could only be a hopeless journey into “NEVER NEVER LAND.” There has never been a President of the United States who has been treated so unfairly by the Courts as I but, that’s OK, I will continue to do, what is considered to be, a great job for the wonderful people of our Country. I have instructed the Department of Commerce to make all necessary arrangements with Congress to allow a full and complete transfer of this Institution, giving them the responsibility for its Operation, Maintenance, and Management. Thank you for your attention to this matter! President DONALD J. TRUMP3d:T5fe,It is my Great Honor to endorse America First Patriot, David Flippo, who is running to represent the fantastic people of Nevada’s 2nd Congressional District! He is strongly supported by the most Highly Respected MAGA Warriors in Nevada, and many Republicans in the U.S. House of Representatives. I won Nevada in a virtual Landslide in 2024, and have always done phenomenally well there. I love the State — The People are special! I will never let you down and, with David Flippo, I am just adding to that Statement. He will be GREAT for you, for the State, and for our Country! The Democrats, and some of David’s Republican Opponents, would like to end NO TAX ON TIPS. That won’t happen with David and I on watch!A retired U.S. Air Force Lieutenant Colonel, David knows the Wisdom and Courage required to Defend our Country, Support our incredible Military/Veterans, and Ensure PEACE THROUGH STRENGTH. A successful Small Business Owner and Civic Leader, prior to running for Congress, David has dedicated his life to serving his Community. As your next Congressman, David will fight hard to Grow our Economy, Cut Taxes and Regulations, Promote NO TAX ON TIPS, Unleash American Energy DOMINANCE, Champion MADE IN THE U.S.A., Keep our Border SECURE, Stop Migrant Crime, Safeguard our Elections, and Protect our always under siege Second Amendment.David Flippo has my Complete and Total Endorsement to be the next Representative from Nevada’s 2nd Congressional District – HE WILL NEVER LET YOU DOWN! President DONALD J. TRUMP3e:T597,Iran must agree that they will never have a Nuclear Weapon or Bomb. The Hormuz Strait must be immediately open, no tolls, for unrestricted shipping traffic, in both directions. All water mines (bombs), if any, will be terminated (we have removed, through detonation, numerous such mines with our great underwater mine sweepers. Iran will complete the immediate removal and/or detonation of any mines that are left, which will not be many!). Ships caught in the Strait due to our amazing and unprecedented Naval Blockade, which will now be lifted, may start the process of “heading home!” Say HELLO to your wives, husbands, parents, and families from me, your favorite President! The enriched material, sometimes referred to as “Nuclear Dust,” which is buried deep underground with virtually collapsed mountains, caused by our powerful B2 Bomber attack 11 months ago, sitting on top of it, will be unearthed by the United States (which, it is agreed, is the only Country, along with China, with the mechanical capability of doing so!), in close coordination and conjunction with the Islamic Republic of Iran, plus the International Atomic Energy Agency, and DESTROYED. No money will be exchanged, until further notice. Other items, of far less importance, have been agreed to. I will be meeting now, in the Situation Room, to make a final determination. Thank you for your attention to this matter! President DONALD J. TRUMP3f:Ta20,$SIVE is the most compelling CPO/photonics exposure to me.
Addressing the disinformation: I haven’t sold and don’t plan to sell a single share.
I do think this ends up the next $80B+ $LITE one day from ~$2.1B.
And I personally have plans to acquire more ownership + support their M&A prospects.
I believe earnings transcripts will be strongly positive.
As in the part few months we’ve discovered:
> AlChip/Amazon private placements, which is positive for Ayar -> $SIVE implying Trainium 4 design in
> Wiwynn + Ayar CPO scale up
> $JBL 1.6T optical transceiver ramp with Sivers incoming faster than markets expected (with relatively dramatic moat + demand as much as they can produce)
> O-Net scaling up ELS efforts with $SIVE
> $YSS acquisition of $SIVE allspace lead partner, designing Sivers into Space defense primes
> New CHIPS ACT funding for $SIVE
> $POET H2 volume ramp and their new $50m -> $500m order (with $SIVE as light source)
> information discovery around $AAPL using $SIVE lasers for next gen consumer devices
> information discovery around links to Lightelligence (went public $10B+ MC) + Lightmatter as likely customers.
> Celestial volume ramp with $MRVL indicators.
> new customers working on TFLN with $SIVE like Lightium
> $AMD going with $GFS for CPO, and GFS listing sivers as one of two laser suppliers
> Ayar removing $MTSI / $LITE from their website and signaling $SIVE as primary source/sole source
> Ayar raising $500m for volume ramp (intel, Mediatek, Nvidia, amd etc)
> pluggable TAM expansion signaled from 2025 annual report
> Nasdaq listing expected soon
> MSCI small cap index / Nasdaq omx inclusion, making Blackrock, Vanguard and others passive buyers
> M&A signaled from 2025 annual report + 2 new board members that have experience in that area
> $NOK as likely customer from 2025 annual report.
> $LITE getting cw bottlenecked from EML contracts, $SIVE signaling capacity agreements in place with Win, making the a likely bottleneck owner + chokepoint in CPO sector.
All of this market research was done before earnings.
Any results is just confirmation of supply chain mapping done.
I don’t think anyone cares about former quarter revenue since $SIVE is an exceptionally compelling 2027 long, especially H2 onward.
Only thing I’m looking at are:
> TAM expansion of the overall photonics supercycle (eg. optical engine, ELS, pluggables) either from M&A or developments
> volume ramp expectations from existing companies
> Nasdaq listing timelines for more liquidity to support their M&A efforts
> any new customers signaled for CPO/Pluggables40:T45d,I genuinely think $XFAB is very compelling at $1.5B MC, despite recent volatility.
Per NIST filings stated they were the only high volume SiC foundry in America.
Making them extremely “critical infrastructure”… Verbatim from the US Gov.
And they’re the first comprehensive pure play foundry for SiC/GaN.
So it’s very compelling exposure as  $NVDA pushes 800 VDC and as other power semi players from $NVTS and $WOLF are all re-rating hard.
For long term photonics exposure:
They were literally listed in CHIPS Act 2 blueprints… with $NOK / $NVDA evaluations right now.
And production ramp up in 2027/volume production H1 2028 expected.
So you have a company at $1.5B MC:
Critical both on the power semis front to the US government.
And critical to both photonics front to the EU government.
Coming off of a legacy drag cycle with auto and others (similar to Soitec).
I think I’d follow EU/US government signals for what’s critical infrastructure given expected dual continent subsidies…
Over random media analysts trying to cause unnecessary volatility saying it’s a memestock with no fundamentals.41:T6b6,$XFAB (photonics + power semis) is an interesting long idea at $1.28B MC, that I took positions in.
Given EU CHIPS act 2 is today as the catalyst for European photonics players.
> 800 VDC power semi exposure to $NVDA push through $NVTS + $POWI
> Silicon Photonics / CPO exposure with $NVDA as evaluation stage for high volume manufacturing (optical transceivers/switches)
> The only high-volume SiC foundry in the US.
> One of the critical MEMS foundries
> ~1.29 P/B, which was around what $SOI was sitting at when I went long. Depressed valuations due to legacy drag
> ~6.5-8.5 fwd p/e 2028 personal est.
> backstopped by Government:
- EU CHIPS act, $128M Euros
- US CHIPS act $50M PMT (department of commerce).
With likely more coming (just signals critical importance to Western supply chains).
So at a certain point with all the grants, they’re just getting the capex funded by the Governments.
EU CHIPS act 2 is coming out this week, and I’m gonna go ahead and guess $XFAB might get included given they were before, and this package is specifically targeting photonics.
~$1.3B MC seems compelling to me if it can pull a Soitec reversal (low p/b, very high growth segments, auto legacy drag).
As for the $NVDA silicon photonics relationships it’s under “photonixFAB”.
Markets probably missed this silicon photonics relationship (like $TSEM when I went long) with Nvidia since XFab leads this…  Just under a different name.
For power semis, XFAB is named for SiC + $NVTS. In PCN-22181, $POWI explicitly names XFAB as its foundry.
Given its exposure to power semis and photonics as growth, low P/B, gov backstop (of course dyor, just sharing my personal thoughts)
Thought it personally seemed compelling.42:T477,The United States did not attend the G20 in South Africa, because the South African Government refuses to acknowledge or address the horrific Human Right Abuses endured by Afrikaners, and other descendants of Dutch, French, and German settlers. To put it more bluntly, they are killing white people, and randomly allowing their farms to be taken from them. Perhaps, worst of all, the soon to be out of business New York Times and the Fake News Media won’t issue a word against this genocide. That’s why all the Liars and Pretenders of the Radical Left Media are going out of business! At the conclusion of the G20, South Africa refused to hand off the G20 Presidency to a Senior Representative from our U.S. Embassy, who attended the Closing Ceremony. Therefore, at my direction, South Africa will NOT be receiving an invitation to the 2026 G20, which will be hosted in the Great City of Miami, Florida next year. South Africa has demonstrated to the World they are not a country worthy of Membership anywhere, and we are going to stop all payments and subsidies to them, effective immediately. Thank you for your attention to this matter!43:T5a6,Democracy is on trial in the coming Elections in the beautiful country of Honduras on November 30th. Will Maduro and his Narcoterrorists take over another country like they have taken over Cuba, Nicaragua, and Venezuela? The man who is standing up for Democracy, and fighting against Maduro, is Tito Asfura, the Presidential Candidate of the National Party. Tito was the highly successful Mayor of Tegucigalpa where he brought running water to millions, and paved hundreds of kilometers of roads. His chief opponent is Rixi Moncada, who says Fidel Castro is her idol. Normally, the smart people of Honduras, would reject her, and elect Tito Asfura, but the Communists are trying to trick the people by running a third Candidate, Salvador Nasralla. Nasralla is no friend of Freedom. A borderline Communist, he helped Xiomara Castro by running as her Vice President. He won, and helped Castro win. Then he resigned, and is now pretending to be an anti-Communist only for the purposes of splitting Asfura’s vote. The people of Honduras must not be tricked again. The only real friend of Freedom in Honduras is Tito Asfura. Tito and I can work together to fight the Narcocommunists, and bring needed aid to the people of Honduras. I cannot work with Moncada and the Communists, and Nasralla is not a reliable partner for Freedom, and cannot be trusted. I hope the people of Honduras vote for Freedom and Democracy, and elect Tito Asfura, President!44:Tcb8,A very Happy Thanksgiving salutation to all of our Great American Citizens and Patriots who have been so nice in allowing our Country to be divided, disrupted, carved up, murdered, beaten, mugged, and laughed at, along with certain other foolish countries throughout the World, for being “Politically Correct,” and just plain STUPID, when it comes to Immigration. The official United States Foreign population stands at 53 million people (Census), most of which are on welfare, from failed nations, or from prisons, mental institutions, gangs, or drug cartels. They and their children are supported through massive payments from Patriotic American Citizens who, because of their beautiful hearts, do not want to openly complain or cause trouble in any way, shape, or form. They put up with what has happened to our Country, but it’s eating them alive to do so! A migrant earning $30,000 with a green card will get roughly $50,000 in yearly benefits for their family. The real migrant population is much higher. This refugee burden is the leading cause of social dysfunction in America, something that did not exist after World War II (Failed schools, high crime, urban decay, overcrowded hospitals, housing shortages, and large deficits, etc.). As an example, hundreds of thousands of refugees from Somalia are completely taking over the once great State of Minnesota. Somalian gangs are roving the streets looking for “prey” as our wonderful people stay locked in their apartments and houses hoping against hope that they will be left alone. The seriously retarded Governor of Minnesota, Tim Walz, does nothing, either through fear, incompetence, or both, while the worst “Congressman/woman” in our Country, Ilhan Omar, always wrapped in her swaddling hijab, and who probably came into the U.S.A. illegally in that you are not allowed to marry your brother, does nothing but hatefully complain about our Country, its Constitution, and how “badly” she is treated, when her place of origin is a decadent, backward, and crime ridden nation, which is essentially not even a country for lack of Government, Military, Police, schools, etc. Even as we have progressed technologically, Immigration Policy has eroded those gains and living conditions for many. I will permanently pause migration from all Third World Countries to allow the U.S. system to fully recover, terminate all of the millions of Biden illegal admissions, including those signed by Sleepy Joe Biden’s Autopen, and remove anyone who is not a net asset to the United States, or is incapable of loving our Country, end all Federal benefits and subsidies to noncitizens of our Country, denaturalize migrants who undermine domestic tranquility, and deport any Foreign National who is a public charge, security risk, or non-compatible with Western Civilization. These goals will be pursued with the aim of achieving a major reduction in illegal and disruptive populations, including those admitted through an unauthorized and illegal Autopen approval process. Only REVERSE MIGRATION can fully cure this situation. Other than that, HAPPY THANKSGIVING TO ALL, except those that hate, steal, murder, and destroy everything that America stands for — You won’t be here for long!45:T6b6,$XFAB (photonics + power semis) is an interesting long idea at $1.28B MC, that I took positions in.
Given EU CHIPS act 2 is today as the catalyst for European photonics players.
> 800 VDC power semi exposure to $NVDA push through $NVTS + $POWI
> Silicon Photonics / CPO exposure with $NVDA as evaluation stage for high volume manufacturing (optical transceivers/switches)
> The only high-volume SiC foundry in the US.
> One of the critical MEMS foundries
> ~1.29 P/B, which was around what $SOI was sitting at when I went long. Depressed valuations due to legacy drag
> ~6.5-8.5 fwd p/e 2028 personal est.
> backstopped by Government:
- EU CHIPS act, $128M Euros
- US CHIPS act $50M PMT (department of commerce).
With likely more coming (just signals critical importance to Western supply chains).
So at a certain point with all the grants, they’re just getting the capex funded by the Governments.
EU CHIPS act 2 is coming out this week, and I’m gonna go ahead and guess $XFAB might get included given they were before, and this package is specifically targeting photonics.
~$1.3B MC seems compelling to me if it can pull a Soitec reversal (low p/b, very high growth segments, auto legacy drag).
As for the $NVDA silicon photonics relationships it’s under “photonixFAB”.
Markets probably missed this silicon photonics relationship (like $TSEM when I went long) with Nvidia since XFab leads this…  Just under a different name.
For power semis, XFAB is named for SiC + $NVTS. In PCN-22181, $POWI explicitly names XFAB as its foundry.
Given its exposure to power semis and photonics as growth, low P/B, gov backstop (of course dyor, just sharing my personal thoughts)
Thought it personally seemed compelling.0:{"rsc":["$","$1","c",{"children":[["$","$L2",null,{"initial":{"tweets":[{"id":"116744329783387013","text":"I am pleased to announce my intent to appoint James M. McDonald as the United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York. A native of the Great State of Oklahoma, Jamie is a former Assistant U.S. Attorney in the Southern District of New York, and served as Director of Enforcement at the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission during my First Term. Jamie is currently a Senior Partner at the Highly Respected Law Firm of Sullivan & Cromwell, a former Law Clerk to Chief Justice John G. Roberts, Jr., and a distinguished Graduate of the University of Virginia School of Law, and Harvard College. I am confident that Jamie will deliver strong results for our Country as the next United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York, as he has the respect of, and will work fantastically with, our Law Enforcement Patriots, the Legal Community, and the Judicial Bench. Good luck Jamie. I have no doubt about your future greatness! President DONALD J. TRUMP","created_at":"2026-06-13T18:58:22.407Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":5782,"retweet_count":1359,"reply_count":417,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":[],"card":null},{"id":"116744074319790689","text":"","created_at":"2026-06-13T17:53:24.338Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":7779,"retweet_count":1621,"reply_count":548,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/744/074/137/725/976/original/1e34ba30120e85c2.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"116744073690451959","text":"","created_at":"2026-06-13T17:53:14.736Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":7313,"retweet_count":1547,"reply_count":440,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/744/073/574/137/376/original/438790bcc92af937.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"116744072996755992","text":"","created_at":"2026-06-13T17:53:04.151Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":6843,"retweet_count":1473,"reply_count":441,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/744/072/868/390/689/original/e7443f7f826617e6.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"116743815454221461","text":"The Obama Library ten years from now will be a “Mecca” for those who hate America! President DJT","created_at":"2026-06-13T16:47:34.430Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":11578,"retweet_count":3004,"reply_count":1463,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/743/815/116/917/537/original/c72bdca963ca8c69.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"116743808155352167","text":"$3","created_at":"2026-06-13T16:45:43.030Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":29168,"retweet_count":7134,"reply_count":4472,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":[],"card":null},{"id":"116743353225555838","text":"Congratulations to Team USA on their Big Win, 4-1, over a very good Paraguay team. Keep it going! President DJT","created_at":"2026-06-13T14:50:01.313Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":15992,"retweet_count":3038,"reply_count":717,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":[],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116743353225555838","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-13T15:00:00.352Z"}},{"id":"116743112402160988","text":"","created_at":"2026-06-13T13:48:46.709Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":11203,"retweet_count":2899,"reply_count":1301,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/743/111/690/729/812/original/012ba4efd6eb20ee.jpg"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116743112402160988","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-13T15:00:00.352Z"}},{"id":"2065779524248510758","text":"It’s been officially 3 months since I posted my $SIVE long thesis back at 4 SEK.\nThis idea is now up ~1900%…\nWith many US institutions from JPM to Fidelity only recently entering positions.\nProbably my 2nd greatest thesis of all time after $AXTI.\nDid you listen anon?","created_at":"2026-06-13T12:53:13.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HKsfhkLboAAbrlF?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"2065779524248510758","sentiment":"bullish","sentiment_score":0.85,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-13T15:00:00.352Z"}},{"id":"2065758024896037020","text":"한국 어머니들은 원래 이렇게 사기캐인가요?\n어머님이 WF6의 3차 파급 효과(third-order effect)에 따른 공급망 차질을 파악하셨다니 정말 놀랍습니다.\n중국의 대(對)일본 텅스텐 수출 통제로 인해,\n전구체 부족 및 원가 상승이 발생하여 글로벌 공급망의 25~35%가 타격을 입게 된다는 사실을 말이죠.\n게다가 후성(093370)이 SK하이닉스 같은 메모리 반도체 제조사들에게 얼마나 중요한 기업인지 짚어내시고,\n이 공급망에 얽힌 수많은 기업들 중에서도 시가총액 12억 달러(약 1조 6천억 원) 규모의 이 한국 기업을, 해당 병목 현상에 투자할 수 있는 가장 최적의 저평가된 투자처(exposure)로 정확히 발굴해 내시다니요?\n진심으로 감탄했습니다.Lim: @aleabitoreddit I just heard my mom already bought this because price was cheap so she can buy a lot🤣🤣","created_at":"2026-06-13T11:27:47.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":[],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"2065758024896037020","sentiment":"bullish","sentiment_score":0.7,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":true,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-13T15:00:00.352Z"}},{"id":"2065736884752703865","text":"Okay my fellow Koreans, it's been awhile.\nFoosung (093370, ~$1.2B MC) looks like a massive beneficiary soon.\nBasically China export controlled Japan, causing their WF₆ supply chain to go down.\nMeaning 25% of the world's supply required for SK Hynix, Samsung, $TSM go bye bye.\nIf you remember the Straight of Homuz with Oil, that's a lot.\nFoosung's importance just shot through the roof given from some est. they're 10% of the supply chain?\nSo that number goes up, massive bottleneck for demand. Then this looks like the best pure play beneficiary outside of China (even if precursors pricing are rough).\nDon't have positions, just wanted to publish an idea.","created_at":"2026-06-13T10:03:47.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HKr3W38bgAE_7a_?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"2065736884752703865","sentiment":"bullish","sentiment_score":0.85,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":true,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-13T15:00:00.352Z"}},{"id":"2065650434644304165","text":"The AI supremacy Wars begins.\nThink a lot of the upstream supply chain bottlenecks caused by each Country export controlling each other (eg. $AXTI)\nShould present some interesting opportunities in the near future.\nThat being said, Anthropic was getting distilled left and right in Singapore -> China and others.\nHot take, but steps like this do help preserve American dominance in AI, keeping the most advanced model at home.\nI don’t think Superintelligence should be global access, since we’re starting to get into uncharted territories.\nAnthropic: The US government, citing national security authorities, has issued an export control directive to suspend all access to Fable 5 and Mythos 5 by any foreign national, whether inside or outside the United States, including foreign national Anthropic employees.\nThe net effect of","created_at":"2026-06-13T04:20:16.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HKqqHuRa0AAPa_u?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"2065650434644304165","sentiment":"mixed","sentiment_score":0.2,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-13T15:00:00.352Z"}},{"id":"116740803105820173","text":"","created_at":"2026-06-13T04:01:29.644Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":12311,"retweet_count":3042,"reply_count":891,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/740/802/706/470/204/original/030ef2473974e9e3.mp4#poster=https%3A%2F%2Fstatic-assets-1.truthsocial.com%2Ftmtg%3Aprime-ts-assets%2Fmedia_attachments%2Fthumbnails%2F116%2F740%2F802%2F706%2F470%2F204%2Foriginal%2F79bd1d8cc08ca706.jpg"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116740803105820173","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-13T15:00:00.352Z"}},{"id":"116740105083348004","text":"$4","created_at":"2026-06-13T01:03:58.666Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":66415,"retweet_count":15814,"reply_count":6942,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/740/104/179/377/836/original/39bd1c7f41487180.mp4#poster=https%3A%2F%2Fstatic-assets-1.truthsocial.com%2Ftmtg%3Aprime-ts-assets%2Fmedia_attachments%2Fthumbnails%2F116%2F740%2F104%2F179%2F377%2F836%2Foriginal%2Ffe8a5cace4e4fc8b.jpg"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116740105083348004","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":-0.1,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-13T15:00:00.352Z"}},{"id":"116739176330480134","text":"This Sunday Night, during the historic Freedom 250 UFC Fight at the White House, The Department of War will debut their first TV Ad, entitled \"Peace Through Strength.\" WATCH IT BELOW. The Warrior Ethos is BACK at the War Department, and we call on our greatest young Americans to join our Great Fighting (when necessary!) Machine. President DONALD J. TRUMP\nhttps://www.war.gov","created_at":"2026-06-12T21:07:47.020Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":27376,"retweet_count":7615,"reply_count":2685,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/739/171/335/436/073/original/ac73ca1f327ce678.mp4#poster=https%3A%2F%2Fstatic-assets-1.truthsocial.com%2Ftmtg%3Aprime-ts-assets%2Fmedia_attachments%2Fthumbnails%2F116%2F739%2F171%2F335%2F436%2F073%2Foriginal%2Febe698e04e8c0b5f.jpg"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116739176330480134","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-13T15:00:00.352Z"}},{"id":"116738709792190047","text":"","created_at":"2026-06-12T19:09:08.272Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":17617,"retweet_count":5021,"reply_count":1288,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/738/709/221/975/030/original/92b1652c23850678.jpg","https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/738/709/217/438/332/original/91901c1b3846e3fc.jpg","https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/738/709/217/438/331/original/19a0c54865313f40.jpg"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116738709792190047","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-13T15:00:00.352Z"}},{"id":"116738087808561603","text":"$5","created_at":"2026-06-12T16:30:57.466Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":15860,"retweet_count":3511,"reply_count":793,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":[],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116738087808561603","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-13T15:00:00.352Z"}},{"id":"116738000047043758","text":"","created_at":"2026-06-12T16:08:38.420Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":21091,"retweet_count":4299,"reply_count":1375,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/737/999/701/075/625/original/a75d2208d634c177.jpg","https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/737/999/704/899/764/original/f59d8b1b40912993.jpg","https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/737/999/704/760/188/original/24253cbde5d712bb.jpg"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116738000047043758","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-13T15:00:00.352Z"}},{"id":"116737999128241599","text":"Re-gilding of the massive Arts of War sculptures, located between The Lincoln Memorial and site of The Triumphal Arch, rapidly continues. The sculptures will be fully regilded by July 3rd. The photos below were taken yesterday. The Gilders’ Studio has flown in Gilders from around the Country to perform this work!","created_at":"2026-06-12T16:08:24.397Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":20010,"retweet_count":4364,"reply_count":1144,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/737/995/912/373/791/original/bf343e5e2b0d2c47.jpg","https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/737/995/949/972/137/original/ac1cd2a5f2acdf7e.jpg","https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/737/995/926/976/431/original/1197ae14a5bc2bca.jpg"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116737999128241599","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-13T15:00:00.352Z"}},{"id":"2065462946785030506","text":"$$SPCX is now trading!\nAnd it’s now over $2.15T+ MC.","created_at":"2026-06-12T15:55:15.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HKn_mgcacAAzmxH?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"2065462946785030506","sentiment":"bullish","sentiment_score":0.6,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-13T15:00:00.352Z"}},{"id":"116737863032160311","text":"","created_at":"2026-06-12T15:33:47.681Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":14175,"retweet_count":3583,"reply_count":1554,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/737/861/589/158/720/original/16dd085312d86b72.jpg"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116737863032160311","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-13T15:00:00.352Z"}},{"id":"2065434058474307866","text":"All the $SNDK short sellers went extinct.\nCan’t believe it’s almost $2000 now?\nThat aside feels like everyone is just waiting for the $SPCX IPO in a few hours.\nSerenity: Can all the $SNDK short sellers at $500 come out now?\nI know there were a bunch on X\nSandisk ER Reported Q3 guide:\n- Sales $4.6B vs. est $2.9B\n- EPS $13.00 vs. est $4.21 (lol this is why)","created_at":"2026-06-12T14:00:28.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HKnlU8ObIAA5R5f?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/G_3NTqDbUAAtVlu?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null},{"id":"116737492068972653","text":"https://truthsocial.com/users/craigcowboy/statuses/116737420081036841zt","created_at":"2026-06-12T13:59:27.160Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":6288,"retweet_count":1478,"reply_count":463,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":[],"card":null},{"id":"116737418354503074","text":"The terms that Iran leaked out to the Fake News have NOTHING to do with the terms that were agreed to, in writing. What they said, including their weak and pathetic statement on having a deal, bears no relation to the truth. Very dishonorable people to deal with. With them, there is no such thing as dealing in good faith. AMAZING! Also, their totally rebuffed Drone attack last night against Indian Ships leaving the Hormuz Strait is TOTALLY UNACCEPTABLE. They better get their act together, and FAST! President DONALD J. TRUMP","created_at":"2026-06-12T13:40:42.372Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":36293,"retweet_count":8869,"reply_count":9101,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":[],"card":null},{"id":"2065398682456052003","text":"Price action now is probably just large US institutions positioning with $SIVE.\nJP Morgan went from .4% to 5.3% ownership, and are likely increasing.\nFidelity Research and other active investors have now appeared on the cap table.\nAnd wouldn’t be surprised if they ended up filing an ownership disclosure like JPM.\nThen there’s Blackrock and others for passive inflow…\nRegardless, glad the large US institutions validated my thesis if they’re taking active stakes.","created_at":"2026-06-12T11:39:53.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-12T11:51:26.384Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HKnFJhsb0AAkNfQ?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null},{"id":"2065351180314955924","text":"Bro I still can't believe Japan's WF6 supply chain got shut down from China export controls.\nWhich affects $TSM, Samsung, and SK Hynix.\nAre we really playing global supply chain warfare and game theory over AI supremacy?\nJapan probably has the most amount of obscure monopolies, but they haven't fully been weaponizing it back yet.\nSo I wonder if this is the start of a slippery slope?","created_at":"2026-06-12T08:31:08.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HKmZAJ6aEAA-OxM?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null},{"id":"2065333919252418913","text":"VPEC new price hikes on Epiwafers today.\nPositive bottleneck read through on companies like $IQE and Landmark (3081) in terms of pricing power/demand for epiwafers.\nThis follows $MTSI investment into IQE to secure capacity, and shows how important some of these chokepoints are.\n(disclosure: have positions in IQE)\n駿HaYaO: VPEC全新光電\n產品價格調整通知書 (Price Adjustment Notification)\n親愛的合作夥伴您好：\n首先，衷心感謝貴司長年以來對 VPEC 的鼎力支持。作為您供應鏈中值得信賴的夥伴，我們始終致力於透過技術革新與製程優化，為您提供卓越的產品品質與服務價值。","created_at":"2026-06-12T07:22:33.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HKmIyDNbIAAbs4l?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HKlb3dmaQAA3gM4?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null},{"id":"2065289672356745561","text":"Just some reflection, my core high conviction ideas from 2025 aged super well!\nFrom\n$ALAB: $97-> $372\n$LITE: $330 -> $904\n$AAOI: $30 -> $175\nAnd others like $NBIS, $RKLB, and $TSM!\nThis was back when I had close to no followers!\nI got some nuances slightly off before more information was made public. Lost conviction on ALAB along the way with optical transitions.\nBut this was back when AAOI and others were small $3B companies (~$14B now).\nSo maybe some others in the same range today like $SIVE should get some more attention?\nBut I’m happy a lot of them aged super well.\nAnd I think a large part of my recent following growth is just other seeing my ideas like $AXTI get validated over time.\nSerenity: I entered $ALAB, $NBIS, $TSM, and $LITE because of Mag7 funneling revenue numbers into them.\nLite uniquely because of its role in GOOGL TPU v7, AMZN Trainium v3/4, and NVDA Blackwell.\nBut there's a new one I found out about.\nA small cap <$3B player that fits the thesis:\nName","created_at":"2026-06-12T04:26:43.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HKlhx_5a0AEn4XF?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HKlhx_5bkAA2g5B?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/G764yKkacAAWnfF?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/G766jmYa8AAdS6D?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null},{"id":"2065262802328293497","text":"Woah, $NBIS, $ALAB, and $RKLB got added to Nasdaq 100!\nFun to see both Astera, Rocketlab and Weebius grow up from being small companies…\nInto the largest ones on Nasdaq","created_at":"2026-06-12T02:39:57.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HKlJkg6aQAAZR10?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null},{"id":"116734623535558014","text":"Why Scott Pelley Doesn’t Matter: https://lyceumnow.com/why-scott-pelley-doesnt-matter/","created_at":"2026-06-12T01:49:56.852Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":14839,"retweet_count":3445,"reply_count":1837,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":[],"card":{"url":"https://lyceumnow.com/why-scott-pelley-doesnt-matter/","title":"Why Scott Pelley Doesn’t Matter - Lyceum","description":"Like many things the elites care deeply about, the Scott Pelley incident will have little real-world impact.","image":"https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/cache/preview_cards/images/072/810/256/original/40561585768a127c.jpg","provider":"lyceumnow.com"}},{"id":"116734622396281132","text":"US attorney in California suspects voter fraud investigation will result in charges: https://justthenews.com/government/courts-law/us-attorney-california-suspects-voter-fraud-investigation-will-result-charges","created_at":"2026-06-12T01:49:39.470Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":22101,"retweet_count":6260,"reply_count":1758,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":[],"card":{"url":"https://justthenews.com/government/courts-law/us-attorney-california-suspects-voter-fraud-investigation-will-result-charges","title":"US attorney in California suspects voter fraud investigation will result in charges","description":"Essayli said his team and Assistant Attorney General for the Civil Rights Division Harmeet Dhillon have been trying to audit the state for over a year under the National Voter Registration Act, the Help America Vote Act and the Civil Rights Act.","image":"https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/cache/preview_cards/images/072/719/281/original/e957a0c17ca6cd0b.jpg","provider":"justthenews.com"}},{"id":"116734620855620327","text":"Congress passes immigration funding bill, delivering major win for Trump after Democrat antics: https://justthenews.com/politics-policy/congress-passes-ice-border-patrol-funding-bill","created_at":"2026-06-12T01:49:15.958Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":18711,"retweet_count":4416,"reply_count":641,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":[],"card":{"url":"https://justthenews.com/politics-policy/congress-passes-ice-border-patrol-funding-bill","title":"Congress passes immigration funding bill, delivering major win for Trump after Democrat antics","description":"The vote passed 214-212 after Rep. Tim Walberg, R-Mich., switched his vote from no to yes.","image":"https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/cache/preview_cards/images/072/713/550/original/9d6565fdea715306.jpg","provider":"justthenews.com"}},{"id":"116734237249042208","text":"Sara Baxter is a fantastic person, and highly qualified for many top political jobs but, on a somewhat selfish basis, I would rather have her stay on the Palm Beach County Commission (where so many important things are happening!), than run for Congress. Thank you Sara! President DONALD J. TRUMP","created_at":"2026-06-12T00:11:42.548Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":15875,"retweet_count":3214,"reply_count":598,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":[],"card":null},{"id":"116734152330542415","text":"$6","created_at":"2026-06-11T23:50:06.796Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":19880,"retweet_count":5833,"reply_count":2010,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/734/150/209/734/410/original/329e49bb98ac6390.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"116733724226062708","text":"These are the weapons we are seizing from Mexican Cartels. They are killing thousands of Americans each and every year! President DONALD J. TRUMP","created_at":"2026-06-11T22:01:14.446Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":20233,"retweet_count":5418,"reply_count":1505,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/733/718/631/591/312/original/98cb3a46ae92d7c7.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"2065136761077158061","text":"Just in case you’re wondering why indexes + individual names like $SNDK to $MRVL to $LITE are green now.\nTrump just cancelled attacks on Iran.\nThis market is so volatile…","created_at":"2026-06-11T18:19:06.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HKjW73makAAJRnt?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null},{"id":"116732777898985789","text":"I am pleased to announce the Nomination of very Highly Respected Jay Clayton, former Chairman of the Securities and Exchange Commission, the former Head of Sullivan & Cromwell, one of the most prominent and successful Law Firms anywhere in the World, and the current United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York, to be the next Director of National Intelligence and, importantly, to serve in my Cabinet. Few people anywhere in the Legal Community are respected at the level of Jay. I encourage the United States Senate to confirm Jay as soon as possible. Thank you for your attention to this matter! President DONALD J. TRUMP","created_at":"2026-06-11T18:00:34.633Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":27193,"retweet_count":6081,"reply_count":1817,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":[],"card":null},{"id":"2065130589204992048","text":"New Anthropic news looks like a potential tailwind for the Neocloud colo sector.\nSuch as $WULF, $CIFR, $WYFI, $HUT and others (not named yet).\nAs Anthropic is pursuing its first DC leases.\n\"The AI company has signed more than a dozen letters of intent with U.S. developers\" per The Information.","created_at":"2026-06-11T17:54:35.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HKjNU15bQAAV1bK?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null},{"id":"116732652997120164","text":"Based on the fact that discussions with the Islamic Republic of Iran have been brought to the highest level of Iranian leadership and approved, I have, as President of the United States of America, cancelled the scheduled strikes and bombings against Iran this evening. Discussions and final points have been, in both concept and great detail, approved by all parties involved, including the United States, Israel, Saudi Arabia, UAE, Qatar, Turkey, Pakistan, Bahrain, Kuwait, Jordan, Egypt, and others. The Naval Blockade will remain in full force and effect until this Transaction is finalized — Time and place of the signing to be announced shortly.DONALD J. TRUMP\nPRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA","created_at":"2026-06-11T17:28:48.782Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":39001,"retweet_count":9609,"reply_count":13268,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":[],"card":null},{"id":"2065114293767741950","text":"If you haven’t noticed too with my other investment themes with 800V DC and CPO recently.\nIt’s investing in $NVDA, America’s national champion in AI, and securing their supply chains.\nMany things feel technologically difficult with yields to substrate supply.\nPeople can always bear post laser capacity or export control bottlenecks and tell people to short Nvidia’s supply chains due to difficulties.\nBut by investing in the critical companies to give them more capex spend for FAU capacity / yields.\nOr funding upstream red phosphorus/InP substrate capacity or SiC/GaN capacity.\nIt builds up Western supply chains to make what’s technologically challenging, possible.\nAlso I believe in Jensen.Serenity: Markets should be cheering on domestic champions like $AAOI.\nSince it's ideal to support critical AI infra from laser fab to production in the US, rather than being a bear.\nFeels like everyone just outsources transceivers to Asia like Malaysia or Thailand...\nWith $INTC, $IQE,","created_at":"2026-06-11T16:49:50.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":[],"card":null},{"id":"2065105141238489398","text":"$7","created_at":"2026-06-11T16:13:28.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":[],"card":null},{"id":"2065088136884220158","text":"At this point I can't tell anymore if markets from $META to $MSFT are correcting because of macro.\nOr just liquidity pull from $SPCX + index inclusion.\nAnd institutions frontrunning Nasdaq 100 and other rebalancing of SpaceX...\nAnyone know?\nSerenity: Woah, Frankfurt Bank strategists say:\n8% of US current-account deficit could be refinanced in a single day by overseas demand for SpaceX ( $SPCX ) shares.\nExcited to see how markets react around a Mega-IPO...\nDon't think there's been any historical precedence like this yet?","created_at":"2026-06-11T15:05:53.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HKiqtnAagAAHdVR?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HKiqtnDacAA7jOC?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HKib3b5bQAE6OXG?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null},{"id":"116732049110199246","text":"The United States of America cannot live with the shackles of Birthright Citizenship. It is not economically, or otherwise, sustainable, and no other Country in the World, of consequence, does it! President DJT","created_at":"2026-06-11T14:55:14.206Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":44594,"retweet_count":11170,"reply_count":4047,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":[],"card":null},{"id":"116732016965037190","text":"","created_at":"2026-06-11T14:47:03.776Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":11086,"retweet_count":2570,"reply_count":435,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/732/014/251/892/061/original/4d4e69753f63aa3c.mp4#poster=https%3A%2F%2Fstatic-assets-1.truthsocial.com%2Ftmtg%3Aprime-ts-assets%2Fmedia_attachments%2Fthumbnails%2F116%2F732%2F014%2F251%2F892%2F061%2Foriginal%2Fe80d4761144a448a.jpg"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116732016965037190","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-11T15:00:00.405Z"}},{"id":"116732012849757223","text":"","created_at":"2026-06-11T14:46:00.913Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":9526,"retweet_count":2103,"reply_count":306,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/732/012/087/747/730/original/b2e572f5e4bb14ee.mp4#poster=https%3A%2F%2Fstatic-assets-1.truthsocial.com%2Ftmtg%3Aprime-ts-assets%2Fmedia_attachments%2Fthumbnails%2F116%2F732%2F012%2F087%2F747%2F730%2Foriginal%2Fccf75fda4e0ac7d6.jpg"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116732012849757223","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-11T15:00:00.405Z"}},{"id":"2065073494220849660","text":"Woah, Frankfurt Bank strategists say:\n8% of US current-account deficit could be refinanced in a single day by overseas demand for SpaceX ( $SPCX ) shares.\nExcited to see how markets react around a Mega-IPO...\nDon't think there's been any historical precedence like this yet?","created_at":"2026-06-11T14:07:42.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HKib3b5bQAE6OXG?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"2065073494220849660","sentiment":"bullish","sentiment_score":0.7,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-11T15:00:00.405Z"}},{"id":"116731673106546130","text":"","created_at":"2026-06-11T13:19:36.841Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":15055,"retweet_count":4013,"reply_count":1280,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/731/670/966/261/119/original/6ba7c63ede343552.mp4#poster=https%3A%2F%2Fstatic-assets-1.truthsocial.com%2Ftmtg%3Aprime-ts-assets%2Fmedia_attachments%2Fthumbnails%2F116%2F731%2F670%2F966%2F261%2F119%2Foriginal%2F585274d47fa0d0e7.jpg"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116731673106546130","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-11T15:00:00.405Z"}},{"id":"116731447139970106","text":"The United States will be hitting Iran (Whose Navy, Air Force, Radar, Anti Aircraft, and all other forms of Defense, together with most of its offensive capability, are GONE!), VERY HARD TONIGHT. At some point in the not too distant  future, we will be taking Kharg Island, and other oil infrastructure points, and assume total control of their Oil and Gas Markets, much like we have with Venezuela, which is working out brilliantly for both Venezuela and the United States of America. Thank you for your attention to this matter! President DONALD J. TRUMP","created_at":"2026-06-11T12:22:08.864Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":45500,"retweet_count":10306,"reply_count":6365,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":[],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116731447139970106","sentiment":"bearish","sentiment_score":-0.9,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-11T15:00:00.405Z"}},{"id":"2065021329275855277","text":"There was interesting research published called \"Democratization of Retail Trading\".\nThat did a study on 1.6 Million $RDDT WSB comments.\nand found:\n1. \"WSB outperformed almost all investment banks at detecting top-performing stocks.\"\n2. \"Their average returns compete with the best investment banks and outperform them in certain cases.\"\nTheir conclusion?\n\"We conclude that WSB may indeed constitute a freely accessible, valuable source of investment advice.\"\nI do find WSB is really early to names like $RKLB, $HOOD, and others, but often get timing extremely wrong (with options).\nI think X is where all the alpha is at nowadays.","created_at":"2026-06-11T10:40:25.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T12:51:28.207Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HKhtaoiaoAA9zUZ?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"2065021329275855277","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0.1,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-11T15:00:00.405Z"}},{"id":"2065009883133644963","text":"Why do I keep getting these questions!!!\n$XFAB is building a Silicon Photonics foundry alternative to $TSEM and $GFS. And has Europe backing it + $NVDA evaluations.\nIt takes time... Like October 2026, should finish up development.\nThen 2027 production scaled into 2028 (mass production), since they've been working on it since 2023.\nEveryone thinks it’s a depressed automaker supplier right now. And thankfully with European names they tend to look at TTM revenue over forward growth.\nSo somehow it’s leading EU’s efforts to create a $TSEM silicon photonics foundry + supply chain at ~€1.1B MC?\nThat R&D directors from ASE cite + others as future CPO routes.\nI’m might just really early to a lot of things, but of course most of the risk/reward comes from taking a little leap of faith in seeing it commercialized.\nOtherwise people can take the de-risked route with Tower directly (which I also wrote a thesis on awhile back and also like).\nJGA: @aleabitoreddit Still like $XFAB ?","created_at":"2026-06-11T09:54:56.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T11:21:28.072Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HKhfoNobQAA2iAO?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HKhf_yja4AAnfHi?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"2065009883133644963","sentiment":"bullish","sentiment_score":0.6,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-11T15:00:00.405Z"}},{"id":"2064992691902140603","text":"Just thought this was interesting: $LPK is an unknown SpaceX supplier.\nYou can find it in SpaceX US import logs.\nIt's fun information discovery ahead of Space'x IPO this week. Though, not sure what the exact contract entails.\nDisclosure: I have positions in LPK, NFA, credit to my follower Albert_TheVoid for the DM!\nEspecially since everyone seems to be talking about about SpaceX with Velo...\nJust a fun, new direct relationship between $LPK and SpaceX if people want to do more digging.\nL: @aleabitoreddit $lpk?","created_at":"2026-06-11T08:46:38.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T09:51:28.032Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HKhSehKaIAAumTh?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"2064992691902140603","sentiment":"bullish","sentiment_score":0.5,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":true,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-11T15:00:00.405Z"}},{"id":"2064983882802565169","text":"I like $SIVE","created_at":"2026-06-11T08:11:37.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T04:06:27.567Z","media_urls":[],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"2064983882802565169","sentiment":"bullish","sentiment_score":0.6,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-11T15:00:00.405Z"}},{"id":"2064942505553170886","text":"Oh look… a new report by Reuters shows China’s control over InP threatens the AI DC buildout.\nWho could have guessed $AXTI would have been a major point of failure?\nSerenity: Warning: The entire AI industry will likely be bottlenecked by two companies:\n1. $AXTI ($700M)\n2. $SMTOY ($31.7B)\nWhich both control 60–70%+ of the world's InP substrates.\nFuture $NVDA, $GOOGL TPU v7 pods, $META, $MSFT, $AMZN hyperscaler clusters require InP-based lasers and","created_at":"2026-06-11T05:27:12.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-12T13:51:26.541Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HKgmPgCawAAb5Qm?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HKgmPgXb0AAH5qH?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/G9GnOPLXEAAdWJW?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"2064942505553170886","sentiment":"mixed","sentiment_score":0.3,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-11T15:00:00.405Z"}},{"id":"2064910057767309551","text":"这周我自己的投资组合表现令人失望。\n目前今年迄今（YTD）仅上涨了 +3,612.10%。\n我在获利时会分享，但我也同样会经历大幅回撤！\n比如像 Foci/Shunsin $SOI, $AAOI 以及其他 CPO 相关标的。\n如果 Alpha 足够强，不管宏观大环境如何，这些股票都应该继续涨才对…\n所以对我来说，这也是一个学习的过程，需要不断微调我自己的思路，以及理解市场是如何对不同主题/供应链的各个环节进行定价的。\n我只是边走边分享而已！\n中衡英寿: @aleabitoreddit Talk is cheap ，show me your account","created_at":"2026-06-11T03:18:16.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-12T08:21:26.155Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HKgIwKlacAAgRov?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"2064910057767309551","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-11T15:00:00.405Z"}},{"id":"2064884912667439129","text":"$8","created_at":"2026-06-11T01:38:21.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-12T08:21:26.155Z","media_urls":[],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"2064884912667439129","sentiment":"bullish","sentiment_score":0.4,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-11T15:00:00.405Z"}},{"id":"116728850395743386","text":"$9","created_at":"2026-06-11T01:21:45.697Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":35737,"retweet_count":10512,"reply_count":4410,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":[],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116728850395743386","sentiment":"bullish","sentiment_score":0.6,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-11T15:00:00.405Z"}},{"id":"116727075577305840","text":"Last month, I directed our Great U.S. Military to execute a secret mission to support Oil Tankers and other Commercial Ships through the Strait of Hormuz. Today, I am pleased to announce that this effort has resulted in more than 100 MILLION Barrels of Oil making its way through the Strait, and into the Open Market. More than 200 Commercial Ships have safely traveled through the Strait. This wildly successful effort is because the UNITED STATES of AMERICA CONTROLS the Strait of Hormuz — NOT Iran. Their military is defeated, and their economy is lost. It’s over for Iran! Thank you for your attention to this matter. President DONALD J. TRUMP","created_at":"2026-06-10T17:50:24.111Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":53850,"retweet_count":12061,"reply_count":6120,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":[],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116727075577305840","sentiment":"mixed","sentiment_score":0.3,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-11T15:00:00.405Z"}},{"id":"116727049222420250","text":"$a","created_at":"2026-06-10T17:43:41.967Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":19121,"retweet_count":3937,"reply_count":673,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":[],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116727049222420250","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0.1,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-11T15:00:00.405Z"}},{"id":"116726989523401101","text":"Congratulations to Nikol Pashinyan for his decisive victory in Armenia’s National Elections. I was very proud to have Endorsed him for Re-Election, and have no doubt that, with him as the Leader of the beautiful Country of Armenia, it will attain levels of Greatness and Success beyond everyone’s wildest expectations! President DONALD J. TRUMP","created_at":"2026-06-10T17:28:31.038Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":16679,"retweet_count":3251,"reply_count":394,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":[],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116726989523401101","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-11T15:00:00.405Z"}},{"id":"116726967259692558","text":"Congratulations to my friend, Prime Minister Narendra Modi, on becoming India’s longest-serving Prime Minister – And a Great One he is! He is a strong, healthy, and wise man, and will have many years of Greatness and Success ahead of him! President DONALD J. TRUMP","created_at":"2026-06-10T17:22:51.315Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":24033,"retweet_count":4409,"reply_count":777,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":[],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116726967259692558","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-11T15:00:00.405Z"}},{"id":"116726932098488696","text":"","created_at":"2026-06-10T17:13:54.801Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":17065,"retweet_count":3759,"reply_count":758,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/726/931/656/272/411/original/f27c6fd7422ddee0.mp4#poster=https%3A%2F%2Fstatic-assets-1.truthsocial.com%2Ftmtg%3Aprime-ts-assets%2Fmedia_attachments%2Fthumbnails%2F116%2F726%2F931%2F656%2F272%2F411%2Foriginal%2Faa210070fa69f2cf.jpg"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116726932098488696","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-11T15:00:00.405Z"}},{"id":"2064741308460351493","text":"Just in case you weren’t aware…\nThe broader index is down a significant -3-4%.\nStocks don’t move in a straight lineup unless you’re $SNDK.\nAnd are largely affected by wider selloffs.\nCurious what my follower portfolios look like you’re green this week + long only?\nBig Arsenal Fan: @aleabitoreddit Navitas, lpk, wolfspeed and xfab all collapsing","created_at":"2026-06-10T16:07:43.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-12T08:06:26.141Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HKdvRn1bQAA-Jsf?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"2064741308460351493","sentiment":"bearish","sentiment_score":-0.5,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-11T15:00:00.405Z"}},{"id":"116726429558380513","text":"Just like they did on Border Funding, the Radical Left Dumocrats are trying to take our National Security hostage because of unrelated issues. They should stop playing politics with the safety of our Great Country.\nI have named William Pulte to be Acting Director of National Intelligence, who will take over on June 19th, and have asked him to execute the immediate and needed downsizing of the office, reverting staff to their home agencies. At the same time, I am looking for a permanent ODNI Nominee with experience in National Security.\nFISA 702 is very important to our Military, and keeping the American People safe, especially during the World Cup and America250 Celebrations. If nothing is done, this important Law will expire this week. I am asking Congress to send me a short-term extension of FISA to provide time for the selection and confirmation of a permanent Head of the Agency. I would like to thank Director Pulte for his time and commitment. President DONALD J. TRUMP","created_at":"2026-06-10T15:06:06.646Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":19975,"retweet_count":4942,"reply_count":1505,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":[],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116726429558380513","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-11T15:00:00.405Z"}},{"id":"2064705380933074945","text":"Glad optical players from $LITE to $AAOI and $SIVE are slightly recovering as they should.\nThe initial selloff was just stupid.","created_at":"2026-06-10T13:44:57.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-12T07:21:26.117Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HKdOl7LawAAwuwl?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HKdOl7IacAA11VN?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HKdOl7KbEAA8qU_?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"2064705380933074945","sentiment":"bullish","sentiment_score":0.6,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-10T15:00:00.141Z"}},{"id":"116726055495215764","text":"Wow! CITI was ranked Number 1 in topping M&A Advisory Market by Value in Q1. Congratulations to Jane F and ALL of her great people. They’ve worked really hard! BIG comeback for CITI!!! President DONALD J. TRUMP","created_at":"2026-06-10T13:30:58.894Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":15534,"retweet_count":3012,"reply_count":760,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":[],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116726055495215764","sentiment":"bullish","sentiment_score":0.4,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-10T15:00:00.141Z"}},{"id":"116726011433927314","text":"In a reversal, Mar-a-Lago helipad to remain past end of Trump's term: https://www.palmbeachpost.com/story/news/trump/2026/06/09/in-a-reversal-mar-a-lago-helipad-to-remain-past-end-of-trumps-term-palm-beach-florida/90455786007/","created_at":"2026-06-10T13:19:46.612Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":15395,"retweet_count":3061,"reply_count":580,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":[],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116726011433927314","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-10T15:00:00.141Z"}},{"id":"116725591109474316","text":"The Fake News Media refuses to report how EFFECTIVE the U.S. Naval BLOCKADE is, the most successful Blockade in the history of Naval Warfare. NOTHING GETS THROUGH unless we want it to. IT IS A STEEL WALL! Iran is doing ZERO business, not paying their military, or any of their bills, and quickly becoming a FAILED NATION! Lots of oil is getting out. Praise be to Allah! President DONALD J. TRUMP","created_at":"2026-06-10T11:32:52.931Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":25083,"retweet_count":5913,"reply_count":3079,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":[],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116725591109474316","sentiment":"mixed","sentiment_score":-0.2,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-10T15:00:00.141Z"}},{"id":"116725476229257491","text":"Iran’s Military is a complete and total mess. Much of it, like their Navy and Air Force, doesn’t even exist anymore - They have been completely defeated. Iran is all talk and no action. The Bully of the Middle East is DEAD!!! They’ve taken too long to negotiate a deal that would have been great for them, now they will have to pay the price!!! President DONALD J. TRUMP","created_at":"2026-06-10T11:03:39.998Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":28600,"retweet_count":6798,"reply_count":4246,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":[],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116725476229257491","sentiment":"bearish","sentiment_score":-0.3,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-10T15:00:00.141Z"}},{"id":"116725444469272742","text":"Joe Scarborough’s ever shrinking, low rated show, one of the most inaccurate detailers of truthful facts on television, is being crushed in the ratings. His serious case on Trump Derangement Syndrome, often referred to as TDS, has made him a laughing stock among those who know what is going on in the “Wonderful World of Television.” His show is being cut because his ratings are TERRIBLE, and Mike and Willie, who wants to be his father but doesn’t have the talent, are falling further and further into the TDS Swamp! They all suffer from Low Ratings Disease!!! President  DJT","created_at":"2026-06-10T10:55:35.381Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":19818,"retweet_count":4362,"reply_count":1141,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":[],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116725444469272742","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-10T15:00:00.141Z"}},{"id":"2064660831405805648","text":"Morgan Stanley: $NVDA has denied the reports 800V DC has been pushed back.\nRecent SemiAnalysis reports run contrary to our own checks at Computex.\nBro this has gotta be the dumbest CPO/800V selloff I’ve seen.\nSince the selloff from their claim $MU had 0 share of Nvidia HBM4\nlisasufanclub: Morgan Stanley says SemiAnalysis' report on Nvidia's planned large-scale shipments of 800VDC power architecture being pushed back to 2028 is contrary to their own supply chain checks at Computex.\n\"Nvidia at GTC Taipei Indicated 800 VDC developments are ongoing with 800 VDC power","created_at":"2026-06-10T10:47:56.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-12T04:21:25.860Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HKcmFMbbkAAeCnn?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HKcmFMeaAAANvpM?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HKcmFMaaMAApE78?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"2064660831405805648","sentiment":"bullish","sentiment_score":0.8,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-10T15:00:00.141Z"}},{"id":"116725365354632342","text":"Stephen A. Smith is an arrogant fool, a low IQ individual. In other words, he’s “dumb as a rock,” and totally unqualified to ever think of running for high political office, or even low political office, for that matter! He’d get annihilated in a debate by the most incompetent of politicians. Joe Biden’s now “fabled” performance would look great by comparison to anything that this loudmouth huckster has to offer, which isn’t much! Within a few weeks, they’d laugh him out of politics!!!","created_at":"2026-06-10T10:35:28.189Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":27180,"retweet_count":5749,"reply_count":2378,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":[],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116725365354632342","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-10T15:00:00.141Z"}},{"id":"116725304674001742","text":"","created_at":"2026-06-10T10:20:02.342Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":20209,"retweet_count":4416,"reply_count":880,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/725/304/241/490/152/original/aa8392cca4b775bc.png"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116725304674001742","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-10T15:00:00.141Z"}},{"id":"116725303830654471","text":"","created_at":"2026-06-10T10:19:49.473Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":16093,"retweet_count":3817,"reply_count":564,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/725/303/107/308/598/original/9e16878c931b4bef.jpg"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116725303830654471","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-10T15:00:00.141Z"}},{"id":"116725301981290667","text":"","created_at":"2026-06-10T10:19:21.257Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":11673,"retweet_count":2116,"reply_count":116,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/725/301/716/737/797/original/572446bde44c6727.jpg"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116725301981290667","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-10T15:00:00.141Z"}},{"id":"116725301360270879","text":"","created_at":"2026-06-10T10:19:11.780Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":11311,"retweet_count":2043,"reply_count":105,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/725/301/079/241/617/original/6f9570b326b975db.jpg"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116725301360270879","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-10T15:00:00.141Z"}},{"id":"116725300592900324","text":"","created_at":"2026-06-10T10:19:00.069Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":11002,"retweet_count":1992,"reply_count":101,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/725/300/293/563/068/original/022f503da5aed50a.jpg"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116725300592900324","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-10T15:00:00.141Z"}},{"id":"116725299803864378","text":"","created_at":"2026-06-10T10:18:48.031Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":10705,"retweet_count":1945,"reply_count":94,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/725/299/554/644/707/original/fa63aab1a661b3dd.jpg"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116725299803864378","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-10T15:00:00.141Z"}},{"id":"116725299165504636","text":"","created_at":"2026-06-10T10:18:38.288Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":10475,"retweet_count":1904,"reply_count":88,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/725/298/871/075/807/original/762fd44b6947dbad.jpg"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116725299165504636","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-10T15:00:00.141Z"}},{"id":"116725298433622438","text":"","created_at":"2026-06-10T10:18:27.121Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":10424,"retweet_count":1924,"reply_count":94,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/725/298/179/824/916/original/de2932bc3bfad896.jpg"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116725298433622438","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-10T15:00:00.141Z"}},{"id":"2064608597343125931","text":"Yep, Blackrock has now entered $SIVE positions as passive owners following index listing.\nFidelity Research has shown up as starting direct positions of Sivers too.\nRemember when JP Morgan showed up last month with small positions…\nThen bought ~5.25% of the company?\nThis looks like US institutions validated Sivers’s position in photonics and are trying to accumulate positions.\nAnders Storm: Just seen both BlackRock and Fidelity showing up as $SIVE institutional ownership? Is this completely new?\nhttps://www.morningstar.com/stocks/xsto/sive/ownership","created_at":"2026-06-10T07:20:22.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-12T04:21:25.860Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HKb2aJbboAAfk1i?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HKZ-D5sW4AAL5xk?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"2064608597343125931","sentiment":"bullish","sentiment_score":0.7,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-10T15:00:00.141Z"}},{"id":"2064576200211861981","text":"If you want a TLDR of today:\n> be $NVDA, $5T company. Force shift to 800V DC and CPO\n> analyst: I don’t think u can do it in time!\n> market: “I don’t trust Nvidia, time to sell everything”\n> Nvidia and Lumentum executives after: Bullish on CPO, timelines accelerating.\n???","created_at":"2026-06-10T05:11:38.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-11T18:06:25.247Z","media_urls":[],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"2064576200211861981","sentiment":"bullish","sentiment_score":0.7,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-10T15:00:00.141Z"}},{"id":"2064565558432190724","text":"$$LITE Management Speech from Mizuho Technology at today’s conference.\nThe company expects to start shipping CPO scale up optical products in the second half of 2027.\nWith formal ramp up in 2028.\nNo delays, as this aligns with previous timelines shared.\nSo today, we also got confirmation from\n$NVDA SVP no delays on CPO scale out timelines H2 2026, and they’re beginning mass production.\nAnd $LITE management also stated no delays on CPO scale up timeline.\nThe leading companies in Nvidia and Lumentum probably know their own timelines the better than incorrect analyst reports telling them no.\nAnd both are incredibly bullish on TAM and opportunities.\nSerenity: $NVDA Networking Senior Vice President refuting recent analyst reports on delays:\n- “ the most exciting stuff is co-packaged optics.”\n- There is no delay in H2 CPO product delivery schedule.\n- CPO switch will enter mass production and begin ramping up customer deliveries as","created_at":"2026-06-10T04:29:21.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-11T17:51:25.236Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HKbPYJ-b0AA3xFe?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HKbPYKCbEAAftMl?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HKbE-XibIAA0MVM?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"2064565558432190724","sentiment":"bullish","sentiment_score":0.8,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-10T15:00:00.141Z"}},{"id":"2064554061253451815","text":"$$NVDA Networking Senior Vice President refuting recent analyst reports on delays:\n- “ the most exciting stuff is co-packaged optics.”\n- There is no delay in H2 CPO product delivery schedule.\n- CPO switch will enter mass production and begin ramping up customer deliveries as planned in the second half of 2026\nThis was a media article, original interview source credit should have been credited to Tae Kim / Computex.\nSomething fun to note too was this quote “Gilad was VERY enthusiastic about the CPO ramp from Nvidia.”\nBoth near term and long term.\nYeah… I’m extremely bullish on CPO alongside Nvidia.","created_at":"2026-06-10T03:43:40.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-11T16:36:25.099Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HKbE-XibIAA0MVM?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"2064554061253451815","sentiment":"bullish","sentiment_score":0.9,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-10T15:00:00.141Z"}},{"id":"116723667949197572","text":"Key senator presses to term limit parliamentarian, clear possible path for election law: https://justthenews.com/government/congress/key-senator-presses-term-limit-parliamentarian-clear-possible-path-election-law","created_at":"2026-06-10T03:23:47.833Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":15599,"retweet_count":4092,"reply_count":959,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":[],"card":{"url":"https://justthenews.com/government/congress/key-senator-presses-term-limit-parliamentarian-clear-possible-path-election-law","title":"Key senator presses to term limit parliamentarian, clear possible path for election law","description":"Parliamentarian Elizabeth MacDonough has been in Trump’s crosshairs since she ruled the Save America Act was not covered by the Byrd Rule.","image":"https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/cache/preview_cards/images/072/725/844/original/d7b74472cb2c4fe6.jpg","provider":"justthenews.com"},"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116723667949197572","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-10T15:00:00.141Z"}},{"id":"116723666009941892","text":"JD Vance refers evidence of Minnesota fraud, Walz inaction to DOJ for criminal inquiry: https://justthenews.com/accountability/waste-fraud-and-abuse/jd-vance-refers-evidence-minnesota-fraud-walz-inaction-doj","created_at":"2026-06-10T03:23:18.243Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":16796,"retweet_count":4114,"reply_count":804,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":[],"card":{"url":"https://justthenews.com/accountability/waste-fraud-and-abuse/jd-vance-refers-evidence-minnesota-fraud-walz-inaction-doj","title":"JD Vance refers evidence of Minnesota fraud, Walz inaction to DOJ for criminal inquiry","description":"Vance announced criminal referral in a social media post in which he raised concerns that Walz's administration tried to retaliate against whistleblowers.","image":"https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/cache/preview_cards/images/072/688/374/original/c6885c6fb6905824.jpg","provider":"justthenews.com"},"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116723666009941892","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-10T15:00:00.141Z"}},{"id":"116723481501831841","text":"RT: https://truthsocial.com/users/realDonaldTrump/statuses/116723480830148350","created_at":"2026-06-10T02:36:22.874Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":15692,"retweet_count":4361,"reply_count":1299,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/723/481/414/545/651/original/c16d2647f9608d7f.png"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116723481501831841","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-10T15:00:00.141Z"}},{"id":"116723480830148350","text":"RT: https://truthsocial.com/users/realDonaldTrump/statuses/116723479960785181","created_at":"2026-06-10T02:36:12.625Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":14159,"retweet_count":3710,"reply_count":817,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/723/480/554/702/311/original/60ad0feda6ef4cf0.mp4#poster=https%3A%2F%2Fstatic-assets-1.truthsocial.com%2Ftmtg%3Aprime-ts-assets%2Fmedia_attachments%2Fthumbnails%2F116%2F723%2F480%2F554%2F702%2F311%2Foriginal%2Fb15e54b8d9f84755.jpg"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116723480830148350","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-10T15:00:00.141Z"}},{"id":"116723479960785181","text":"","created_at":"2026-06-10T02:35:59.363Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":11714,"retweet_count":2495,"reply_count":431,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/723/479/849/131/557/original/d133ad35ffcc8f3f.png"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116723479960785181","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-10T15:00:00.141Z"}},{"id":"116723301122482300","text":"Congratulations to Senator Lindsey Graham of the Great State of South Carolina on his BIG WIN tonight. With almost 60% of the vote against a large field of very capable candidates, there will be no runoff. Now Lindsey will be able to devote his time to passing the desperately needed, and long overdue, SAVE AMERICA ACT! President DJT","created_at":"2026-06-10T01:50:30.502Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":15000,"retweet_count":3269,"reply_count":1822,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":[],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116723301122482300","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-10T15:00:00.141Z"}},{"id":"2064521404859719681","text":"CPO scale out earlier than expected:\n> Foxconn: est. units register upward and optical switches shipped early to $NVDA\nCPO scale up timelines from $LITE Mizuho Technology Conference today:\n“The company expects to start shipping Scale-Up optical products in the second half of 2027, with formal volume ramp-up in 2028”\nSVP $NVDA networking: “We’re going to ramp up CPO second half of this year”. No delay indications.\nI’m gonna go ahead and trust industry projections. Where they all reiterate faster timelines for scale out CPO H2 onward. And scale up CPO H2 2027 onward (with main growth happening 2028)\nOver a questionable motive analyst firm that said $MU had no share of HBM4 Rubin (causing a selloff)\nWhere micron went out shortly later to into enter mass production. (Triple digit return shortly after)\nI think people going long on temporary bridge architectures from this incorrect report won’t be too happy.\nAppreciate the buying opportunity though.","created_at":"2026-06-10T01:33:54.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-11T16:06:25.048Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HKanO0HbkAA2X3d?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HKanO0JaAAARMO9?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HKanO0GacAAVl02?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"2064521404859719681","sentiment":"bullish","sentiment_score":0.8,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-10T15:00:00.141Z"}},{"id":"116723184546484525","text":"","created_at":"2026-06-10T01:20:51.694Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":12191,"retweet_count":2315,"reply_count":264,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/723/184/396/740/709/original/4bdbe80efa23305b.jpg"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116723184546484525","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-10T15:00:00.141Z"}},{"id":"116723184179508306","text":"","created_at":"2026-06-10T01:20:46.099Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":12127,"retweet_count":2300,"reply_count":187,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/723/183/915/578/611/original/e29c75a18e2c415d.jpg"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116723184179508306","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-10T15:00:00.141Z"}},{"id":"116723183594943266","text":"","created_at":"2026-06-10T01:20:37.175Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":11456,"retweet_count":2149,"reply_count":134,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/723/183/430/939/279/original/127ed9f765240422.jpg"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116723183594943266","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-10T15:00:00.141Z"}},{"id":"116723001472960111","text":"RT: https://truthsocial.com/users/realDonaldTrump/statuses/116722993359636132","created_at":"2026-06-10T00:34:18.219Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":12259,"retweet_count":2436,"reply_count":632,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/723/001/346/315/832/original/86df037b018bfc0c.jpg"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116723001472960111","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-10T15:00:00.141Z"}},{"id":"116722993359636132","text":"","created_at":"2026-06-10T00:32:14.414Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":10242,"retweet_count":1901,"reply_count":282,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/722/992/682/139/987/original/fc13b5b038451edc.mp4#poster=https%3A%2F%2Fstatic-assets-1.truthsocial.com%2Ftmtg%3Aprime-ts-assets%2Fmedia_attachments%2Fthumbnails%2F116%2F722%2F992%2F682%2F139%2F987%2Foriginal%2F69c45eb6c8a8b806.jpg"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116722993359636132","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-10T15:00:00.141Z"}},{"id":"116722977048924364","text":"","created_at":"2026-06-10T00:28:05.533Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":11437,"retweet_count":2204,"reply_count":164,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/722/976/790/053/399/original/1f4496029c477c4c.jpg"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116722977048924364","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-10T15:00:00.141Z"}},{"id":"116722976514811476","text":"","created_at":"2026-06-10T00:27:57.384Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":9941,"retweet_count":1981,"reply_count":909,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/722/976/271/856/948/original/0ae95947f2133e69.jpg"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116722976514811476","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-10T15:00:00.141Z"}},{"id":"116722975862665108","text":"","created_at":"2026-06-10T00:27:47.431Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":10951,"retweet_count":2096,"reply_count":104,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/722/975/657/283/517/original/3f01eee6c9af355e.jpg"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116722975862665108","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-10T15:00:00.141Z"}},{"id":"116722975379289351","text":"","created_at":"2026-06-10T00:27:40.055Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":10794,"retweet_count":2059,"reply_count":120,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/722/975/141/198/708/original/d8b5f75809488991.jpg"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116722975379289351","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-10T15:00:00.141Z"}},{"id":"116722974331493970","text":"","created_at":"2026-06-10T00:27:24.068Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":10642,"retweet_count":2017,"reply_count":102,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/722/974/125/538/509/original/0088940dceb5b4e7.jpg"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116722974331493970","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-10T15:00:00.141Z"}},{"id":"116722973453210561","text":"","created_at":"2026-06-10T00:27:10.666Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":10605,"retweet_count":2022,"reply_count":115,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/722/973/251/034/971/original/7946719476ba6026.jpg"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116722973453210561","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-10T15:00:00.141Z"}},{"id":"116722972392166409","text":"","created_at":"2026-06-10T00:26:54.477Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":10468,"retweet_count":2007,"reply_count":107,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/722/972/226/955/905/original/846a5e3e5ff229f7.jpg"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116722972392166409","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-10T15:00:00.141Z"}},{"id":"116722436233594406","text":"William Pulte, who is working closely with Tulsi Gabbard, will be taking over as Acting Director of National Intelligence on Friday, June 19th. He will remain as Director of the Federal Housing Finance Agency, and Chairman of Fannie Mae/Freddie Mac. Thank you for your attention to this matter! President DONALD J. TRUMP","created_at":"2026-06-09T22:10:33.349Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":19296,"retweet_count":4656,"reply_count":1215,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":[],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116722436233594406","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0.1,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-10T15:00:00.141Z"}},{"id":"116722383986616231","text":"Record $327.1 Billion Exports Help Shrink U.S. Trade Deficit: https://dallasexpress.com/national/record-327-1-billion-exports-help-shrink-u-s-trade-deficit-in-april/","created_at":"2026-06-09T21:57:16.123Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":14191,"retweet_count":3561,"reply_count":523,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":[],"card":{"url":"https://dallasexpress.com/national/record-327-1-billion-exports-help-shrink-u-s-trade-deficit-in-april/","title":"Record $327.1 Billion Exports Help Shrink U.S. Trade Deficit In April","description":"U.S. goods and services trade deficit fell to $55.9 billion in April 2026 with record exports of $327.1 billion.","image":"https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/cache/preview_cards/images/072/713/803/original/58082f7da49f91da.jpg","provider":"dallasexpress.com"},"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116722383986616231","sentiment":"bullish","sentiment_score":0.3,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-10T15:00:00.141Z"}},{"id":"116722381318407443","text":"US trade deficit widens by the most in nearly 34 years: https://www.reuters.com/business/us-trade-deficit-widens-by-most-nearly-34-years-november-2026-01-29/","created_at":"2026-06-09T21:56:35.406Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":12696,"retweet_count":2835,"reply_count":527,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":[],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116722381318407443","sentiment":"mixed","sentiment_score":-0.2,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-10T15:00:00.141Z"}},{"id":"116721129088347687","text":"I have just been informed by our Great Military that last night the Iranians shot down one of our highly sophisticated Apache Helicopters while patrolling over the Strait of Hormuz. There were two pilots involved, both are safe and uninjured. Nevertheless, the United States must, of necessity, respond to this attack. Thank you for your attention to this matter! President DONALD J. TRUMP","created_at":"2026-06-09T16:38:07.892Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":48560,"retweet_count":11286,"reply_count":12617,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":[],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116721129088347687","sentiment":"bearish","sentiment_score":-0.8,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-10T15:00:00.141Z"}},{"id":"2064361170270933269","text":"I don’t quite think photonics from $AAOI to $LITE or $SIVE are disappearing anytime soon…\nJust extremely volatile.\nAnyway, curious what other people are buying today?","created_at":"2026-06-09T14:57:11.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-11T14:51:25.036Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HKYVijDa8AAXIKI?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HKYVijJbkAA-a78?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HKYVijIacAEQrwz?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HKYVijFb0AIG_nL?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null},{"id":"2064345296226890026","text":"$$EWY 32% IV into 58% IV expansion trade.\nInto underlying SK Hynix / Samsung increase way ITM.\nWas such a goated call? (~383% return)\nHad way too many great ideas this year…\nStill super proud of predicting South Korea index volatility increase due to memory concentration\nSerenity: Trade idea that I published to my shower thoughts channel:\nKorean Index volatility arbitrage and taking advantage of Black-Scholes models.\n$EWY long options seem mispriced.\nThis is Blackrock's Korea Index, which is majority memory (Samsung Electronics, Sk Hynix).\nThe stock","created_at":"2026-06-09T13:54:06.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-11T14:06:24.998Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HKYHGfwbQAATnfL?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HKYHGfxaIAAbfWj?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HKYHGf1aMAASZqU?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HBCTZTiaUAAbbxr?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"2064345296226890026","sentiment":"bullish","sentiment_score":0.9,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-09T15:00:00.327Z"}},{"id":"2064314680521507114","text":"Names like:\n- $ASX\n- Sumitomo Electric\n- $JBL\n- $VICR\n- $GFS\n- $AAOI\n- AlChip\n- $TSEM\n- $FN\n- Furukawa Electric\n- $CLS\n- $NBIS\n- $NOK\n- $AMKR\n- $LITE\n- $COHR\nOff the top of my head.\nSo basically, AI exposure trading in the $10-100B range.\nLikely have compelling ROI right now compared to indexes or $ARM to $MRVL that ran quite a bit?\n(Just a disclosure, only have financial interest in NBIS/TSEM/AAOI above)\nI mention a lot of smaller ideas, but that’s just to chase outsized returns.\nStill feels like many of these have room to go.discussing stocks: @aleabitoreddit Jensen’s hyping up AI stocks. Any tickers you particulary like?","created_at":"2026-06-09T11:52:27.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-11T11:51:24.896Z","media_urls":[],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"2064314680521507114","sentiment":"bullish","sentiment_score":0.7,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":true,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-09T15:00:00.327Z"}},{"id":"2064265545529307560","text":"$b","created_at":"2026-06-09T08:37:12.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-11T10:36:24.716Z","media_urls":[],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"2064265545529307560","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-09T15:00:00.327Z"}},{"id":"2064246556690469123","text":"A massive catalyst arrived today with $SIVE:\nSivers announced $8.2M volume orders starting for Space applications (allspace).\nThis is for Beamforming ICs powering Space LEO/multi-orbit satellite communication.\nThe bigger implication is not the contract size:\nBut that Sivers now powers a larger defense prime in $YSS following their allspace acquisition (similar to $MRVL design-in with Celestial).\nWhich typically leads to more follow-up orders + volume contracts for Sivers, rather than just this specific contract.\nTurns out Sivers is also a Space/Defense supply chain chokepoint (ahead of SpaceX IPO) on top of their photonics AI DC sector lasers...\nThis win aside, I'm expecting more volume ramps to be coming soon as well from their photonics side (looking at you Jabil + other pluggable makers)\nTomasz Dawid: @aleabitoreddit http://ALL.SPACE Awards $8.2M Production Order to Sivers Semiconductors for Ka-Band Beamforming ICs","created_at":"2026-06-09T07:21:45.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-11T09:51:24.792Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HKWsfn6aAAANzBZ?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"2064246556690469123","sentiment":"bullish","sentiment_score":0.8,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-09T15:00:00.327Z"}},{"id":"2064237083510952402","text":"Just a random thought: $JBL seems highkey compelling long idea at $38B.\nDon’t really think markets have priced in their 1.6T LRO pluggable transceiver business yet.\nEspecially if it’s “how much can you make” with $SIVE as the bottleneck H1 2027. Not really is there enough demand.\nThey already have the massive supply chains setup… and took over $INTC pluggable lines.\nSeems more scalable than $AAOI capex ATMs for laser fabs, if you have $SIVE + tons of different fabs like Win Semi + others mass producing lasers and $JBL doing the rest.\nSo you’re getting that  Innolight style setup for free (with US premiums), with an already validated hyperscaler supply chain.\nDon’t currently have positions, just throwing out a thought for others to do research on.\nProb H1 2027 is when everyone starts realizing. Maybe 40% rereating seems plausible?\n(dont have any open positions, just a thought)","created_at":"2026-06-09T06:44:07.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-11T08:36:24.708Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HKWj8OzakAAxDRs?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"2064237083510952402","sentiment":"bullish","sentiment_score":0.7,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":true,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-09T15:00:00.327Z"}},{"id":"116718664107165673","text":"RT: https://truthsocial.com/users/realDonaldTrump/statuses/116718662947146337","created_at":"2026-06-09T06:11:15.270Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":23888,"retweet_count":5525,"reply_count":2780,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/718/663/978/025/708/original/89d5e2620c6133ea.jpg"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116718664107165673","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-09T15:00:00.327Z"}},{"id":"116718662947146337","text":"","created_at":"2026-06-09T06:10:57.565Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":16601,"retweet_count":3211,"reply_count":910,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/718/660/730/061/738/original/05812797144cbf7b.mp4#poster=https%3A%2F%2Fstatic-assets-1.truthsocial.com%2Ftmtg%3Aprime-ts-assets%2Fmedia_attachments%2Fthumbnails%2F116%2F718%2F660%2F730%2F061%2F738%2Foriginal%2F1d75afe4bb120ad3.jpg"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116718662947146337","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-09T15:00:00.327Z"}},{"id":"2064221488878846124","text":"$c","created_at":"2026-06-09T05:42:08.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-11T08:06:24.654Z","media_urls":[],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"2064221488878846124","sentiment":"bullish","sentiment_score":0.5,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-09T15:00:00.327Z"}},{"id":"2064165319829250536","text":"我怎么有种奇怪的感觉…\n我的中国粉丝是不是都在等我喊新票啊 lol？\n我看好的标的（比如 688017 绿的谐波）通常都是做长线，可不是只拿几天就走！\n不过，这周我确实会再去挖几个新机会研究一下。tianxiao: @aleabitoreddit What's the next stock, boss?","created_at":"2026-06-09T01:58:57.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-11T06:21:24.477Z","media_urls":[],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"2064165319829250536","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-09T15:00:00.327Z"}},{"id":"2064156945150595504","text":"Can someone tell me what caused $INHD to go up 3660.95%?","created_at":"2026-06-09T01:25:40.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-11T05:21:24.392Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HKVbzJsbQAAsfap?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"2064156945150595504","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-09T15:00:00.327Z"}},{"id":"2064150385749815384","text":"Nah, Jim Cramer is like the 4th Newton’s Law.\nInverse Cramer just written into the laws of the universe.\nI’ve been bullish on $RDDT since $140.\nBut Cramer was telling everyone to buy Reddit the entire time since Feb.\nSo it’s been flat.\nTom: @aleabitoreddit @FiatElpis Have you ever considered testing your power level against an endgame boss like Cramer to see if you can cancel out his energy blast?","created_at":"2026-06-09T00:59:36.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-11T03:06:24.159Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HKVV1QraUAAtpAc?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HKVV1QUawAAQ1Nn?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HKVV1QYa8AADyd1?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"2064150385749815384","sentiment":"mixed","sentiment_score":0.1,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-09T15:00:00.327Z"}},{"id":"116717401257605983","text":"","created_at":"2026-06-09T00:50:05.777Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":27024,"retweet_count":6067,"reply_count":2171,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/717/400/626/890/416/original/430fcb35e459eb1a.jpg"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116717401257605983","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-09T15:00:00.327Z"}},{"id":"2064141751649284379","text":"For people out there citing Bank of America quotes now about selling.\nJust remember:\nThey said $EWY/ KOSPI (SK Hynix/Samsung) was an extreme bubble back in March.\nAnd blamed retail for the cause, then implied they should sell Korean memory equities: comparing it to the 2008 financial crisis, .com bubble, and Silver crash.\nThen shortly after retail sold their longs, memory rallied to all time highs.\nInstitutions are not your friends.\nUsually when an unusual flood of negative news, they need liquidity.","created_at":"2026-06-09T00:25:18.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-11T01:36:24.104Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HKVN-t6aYAAs3T2?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HKVN-t7aQAALBMd?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HKVN-t6bkAAW9fI?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"2064141751649284379","sentiment":"bullish","sentiment_score":0.6,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-09T15:00:00.327Z"}},{"id":"116716969487041954","text":"$d","created_at":"2026-06-08T23:00:17.456Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":18306,"retweet_count":4487,"reply_count":1045,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":[],"card":{"url":"https://swampthevoteusa.com/georgia/","title":"GEORGIA: READY TO VOTE REPUBLICAN?","description":"Primary Election Day in Georgia is almost here, and it’s time to make your voice heard. Make a plan to vote!","image":"https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/cache/preview_cards/images/062/186/825/original/2a4d9a61b454db1d.png","provider":"swampthevoteusa.com"},"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116716969487041954","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-09T15:00:00.327Z"}},{"id":"116716967227738254","text":"Congratulations to the Ohio State Senate for passing Senate Joint Resolution 10, which would require VOTER I.D. in Ohio Elections! Democrats fought hard against this, presumably so they can CHEAT. I am now asking all of my Republican friends in the State House to, also, PASS THIS NOW, and put a Constitutional Amendment on the Ballot so that the Great People of Ohio can vote to enshrine VOTER I.D. in the State Constitution. I will be watching, and am strongly supportive of this Resolution. Thank you for your attention to this matter! President DONALD J. TRUMP","created_at":"2026-06-08T22:59:42.981Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":21984,"retweet_count":5261,"reply_count":830,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":[],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116716967227738254","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-09T15:00:00.327Z"}},{"id":"116716966354552583","text":"It is my Great Honor to endorse America First Patriot, Wes Climer, who is running to represent the fantastic people of South Carolina’s 5th Congressional District!\nA very successful Business Owner, Civic Leader, and Highly Respected State Senator, Wes has dedicated his life to serving his Community. As your next Congressman, Wes will fight tirelessly to Grow our Economy, Cut Taxes and Regulations, Keep our Border SECURE, Stop Migrant Crime, Support our incredible Military/Veterans, Unleash American Energy DOMINANCE, Promote MADE IN THE U.S.A., Safeguard our Elections, and Defend our always under siege Second Amendment.\nWes Climer has my Complete and Total Endorsement to be the next Representative from South Carolina’s 5th Congressional District — HE WILL NOT LET YOU DOWN!","created_at":"2026-06-08T22:59:29.658Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":14190,"retweet_count":2984,"reply_count":283,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":[],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116716966354552583","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-09T15:00:00.327Z"}},{"id":"116716568733590358","text":"I will be doing a TeleRally LIVE at 5:30 P.M. EST for Senator Lindsey Graham and South Carolina Gubernatorial Candidate Pamela Evette — Both have my Complete and Total Endorsement. They will never let you down! Vote for Lindsey and Pam. They LOVE the great people of South Carolina, and so do I!!! President DJT","created_at":"2026-06-08T21:18:22.445Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":14268,"retweet_count":3175,"reply_count":2360,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":[],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116716568733590358","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-09T15:00:00.327Z"}},{"id":"116716431302721375","text":"President Trump Trashes RINO Senator Tillis, Calls Him a “Loser” in Blistering Remarks to Reporters (VIDEO): https://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2026/06/president-trump-blasts-rino-senator-tillis-as-loser/","created_at":"2026-06-08T20:43:25.416Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":16556,"retweet_count":4036,"reply_count":1254,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":[],"card":{"url":"https://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2026/06/president-trump-blasts-rino-senator-tillis-as-loser/","title":"President Trump Trashes RINO Senator Tillis, Calls Him a \"Loser\" in Blistering Remarks to Reporters (VIDEO) * The Gateway Pundit * by Cristina Laila","description":"President Trump on Friday afternoon trashed RINO Senator Thom Tillis for saying he was going to oppose Todd Blanche as Attorney General.","image":"https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/cache/preview_cards/images/072/551/783/original/a95bce68bf796a01.jpg","provider":"www.thegatewaypundit.com"},"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116716431302721375","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-09T15:00:00.327Z"}},{"id":"116715864662361245","text":"$e","created_at":"2026-06-08T18:19:19.172Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":42639,"retweet_count":12152,"reply_count":6714,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":[],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116715864662361245","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-09T15:00:00.327Z"}},{"id":"116715630555341816","text":"Congressman Russell Fry is an America First Patriot, who is doing an incredible job representing South Carolina’s 7th Congressional District!\nA MAGA Warrior, who has been with us from the very beginning, Russell is working hard to Grow our Economy, Cut Taxes and Regulations, Advance American Energy DOMINANCE, Promote MADE IN THE U.S.A., Keep our Border SECURE, Support our Great Military/Veterans, and Protect our always under siege Second Amendment.\nRussell Fry has my Complete and Total Endorsement for Re-Election. Election Day is Tuesday, June 9th. GET OUT AND VOTE FOR RUSSELL — HE WILL NEVER LET YOU DOWN!\nFind your Voting Location here: https://swampthevoteusa.com/south-carolina/","created_at":"2026-06-08T17:19:46.981Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":13003,"retweet_count":2951,"reply_count":485,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":[],"card":{"url":"https://swampthevoteusa.com/south-carolina/","title":"SOUTH CAROLINA: MAKE A PLAN TO VOTE!","description":"Primary Election Day in South Carolina is almost here, and it’s time to make your voice heard. Make a plan to vote!","image":"https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/cache/preview_cards/images/072/660/606/original/628fe895556662b8.png","provider":"swampthevoteusa.com"},"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116715630555341816","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-09T15:00:00.327Z"}},{"id":"116715629293844038","text":"Congressman William Timmons is doing a truly fantastic job representing the wonderful people of South Carolina’s 4th Congressional District!\nA Captain in the South Carolina Air National Guard, and former Criminal Prosecutor, William knows what it takes to ensure LAW AND ORDER, and strongly support our incredible Law Enforcement, Military, and Veterans. In Congress, he is fighting tirelessly to Cut Taxes and Regulations, Promote MADE IN THE U.S.A., Champion American Energy DOMINANCE, Keep our Border SECURE, and Protect our always under siege Second Amendment.\nWilliam Timmons has my Complete and Total Endorsement for Re-Election. Election Day is Tuesday, June 9th. GET OUT AND VOTE FOR WILLIAM — HE WILL NEVER LET YOU DOWN!\nFind your Voting Location here: https://swampthevoteusa.com/south-carolina/","created_at":"2026-06-08T17:19:27.731Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":11550,"retweet_count":2541,"reply_count":222,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":[],"card":{"url":"https://swampthevoteusa.com/south-carolina/","title":"SOUTH CAROLINA: MAKE A PLAN TO VOTE!","description":"Primary Election Day in South Carolina is almost here, and it’s time to make your voice heard. Make a plan to vote!","image":"https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/cache/preview_cards/images/072/660/606/original/628fe895556662b8.png","provider":"swampthevoteusa.com"},"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116715629293844038","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-09T15:00:00.327Z"}},{"id":"116715628078883917","text":"Congresswoman Sheri Biggs is a terrific Representative for the incredible people of South Carolina’s 3rd Congressional District!\nA distinguished Nurse and Lieutenant Colonel in the Air National Guard, Sheri knows the Wisdom and Courage that is necessary to Defend our Country, Support our Brave Military/Veterans, and Ensure PEACE THROUGH STRENGTH. In Congress, Sheri is working hard to Grow our Economy, Cut Taxes and Regulations, Promote MADE IN THE U.S.A., Champion American Energy DOMINANCE, Keep our Border SECURE, and Protect our always under siege Second Amendment.\nSheri Biggs has my Complete and Total Endorsement for Re-Election. Election Day is Tuesday, June 9th. GET OUT AND VOTE FOR SHERI — SHE WILL NEVER LET YOU DOWN!\nFind your Voting Location here: https://swampthevoteusa.com/south-carolina/","created_at":"2026-06-08T17:19:09.192Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":10920,"retweet_count":2388,"reply_count":170,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":[],"card":{"url":"https://swampthevoteusa.com/south-carolina/","title":"SOUTH CAROLINA: MAKE A PLAN TO VOTE!","description":"Primary Election Day in South Carolina is almost here, and it’s time to make your voice heard. Make a plan to vote!","image":"https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/cache/preview_cards/images/072/660/606/original/628fe895556662b8.png","provider":"swampthevoteusa.com"},"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116715628078883917","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-09T15:00:00.327Z"}},{"id":"116715626878417081","text":"Congressman Joe Wilson, who has been with us from the very beginning, is a Tremendous Champion of South Carolina’s 2nd Congressional District!\nA retired Colonel from the South Carolina Army National Guard, and Member of the House Armed Services Committee, Joe knows the Wisdom and Courage that is required to Defend our Country, Support our Incredible Military/Veterans, and Champion PEACE THROUGH STRENGTH. In Congress, Joe is working hard to Keep our Border SECURE, Stop Migrant Crime, Ensure LAW AND ORDER, Grow our Economy, Cut Taxes and Regulations, Promote MADE IN THE U.S.A., Champion American Energy DOMINANCE, Advance Election Integrity, and Defend our always under siege Second Amendment.\nJoe Wilson has my Complete and Total Endorsement for Re-Election. Election Day is Tuesday, June 9th. GET OUT AND VOTE FOR JOE — HE WILL NEVER LET YOU DOWN!\nFind your Voting Location here: https://swampthevoteusa.com/south-carolina/","created_at":"2026-06-08T17:18:50.875Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":10466,"retweet_count":2298,"reply_count":163,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":[],"card":{"url":"https://swampthevoteusa.com/south-carolina/","title":"SOUTH CAROLINA: MAKE A PLAN TO VOTE!","description":"Primary Election Day in South Carolina is almost here, and it’s time to make your voice heard. Make a plan to vote!","image":"https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/cache/preview_cards/images/072/660/606/original/628fe895556662b8.png","provider":"swampthevoteusa.com"},"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116715626878417081","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-09T15:00:00.327Z"}},{"id":"116715625347665800","text":"I love the Great State of South Carolina, won every one of my Races there BY A LANDSLIDE, and only want the BEST representing you in Elected Office!\nThere is a RINO Candidate in the Palmetto State named David Pascoe, a lifelong Democrat who previously endorsed Crooked Joe Biden for President, and served as a Biden Co-Chair in South Carolina — He is now running in the Republican Primary to be your next Attorney General. Pascoe is a total fraud and phony, and no friend of our incredible Movement to, MAKE SOUTH CAROLINA, AND AMERICA, GREAT AGAIN!\nTo our amazing South Carolina MAGA Patriots: Please make sure to get out and vote AGAINST “RINO” David Pascoe in the June Republican Primary for Attorney General, and make sure he never holds Elected Office again. THANK YOU SOUTH CAROLINA — MAGA2026!\nFind your Voting Location here: https://swampthevoteusa.com/south-carolina/","created_at":"2026-06-08T17:18:27.517Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":10672,"retweet_count":2597,"reply_count":225,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":[],"card":{"url":"https://swampthevoteusa.com/south-carolina/","title":"SOUTH CAROLINA: MAKE A PLAN TO VOTE!","description":"Primary Election Day in South Carolina is almost here, and it’s time to make your voice heard. Make a plan to vote!","image":"https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/cache/preview_cards/images/072/660/606/original/628fe895556662b8.png","provider":"swampthevoteusa.com"},"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116715625347665800","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-09T15:00:00.327Z"}},{"id":"116715623986026200","text":"$f","created_at":"2026-06-08T17:18:06.741Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":9883,"retweet_count":2203,"reply_count":127,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":[],"card":{"url":"https://swampthevoteusa.com/south-carolina/","title":"SOUTH CAROLINA: MAKE A PLAN TO VOTE!","description":"Primary Election Day in South Carolina is almost here, and it’s time to make your voice heard. Make a plan to vote!","image":"https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/cache/preview_cards/images/072/660/606/original/628fe895556662b8.png","provider":"swampthevoteusa.com"},"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116715623986026200","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-09T15:00:00.327Z"}},{"id":"116715622764306728","text":"Senator Lindsey Graham is working incredibly hard for the Great People of South Carolina, a State I love and WON BIG in 2016, 2020, and 2024!\nLindsey has been a wonderful friend, and has always been there when I needed him. As the Chair of the Senate Budget Committee, Lindsey is fighting tirelessly to Grow the Economy, Lower Taxes, Cut Regulations, and Eliminate Government Waste. Lindsey is also relentlessly focused on helping us Keep our Border SECURE, Stop Migrant Crime, Strongly Support our Military/Veterans, Unleash American Energy DOMINANCE, Promote MADE IN THE U.S.A., Safeguard our Elections, Defend our always under siege Second Amendment, and ensure PEACE THROUGH STRENGTH.\nLindsey Graham has my Complete and Total Endorsement for Re-Election. Election Day is Tuesday, June 9th. GET OUT AND VOTE FOR LINDSEY — HE WILL NEVER LET YOU DOWN!\nFind your Voting Location here: https://swampthevoteusa.com/south-carolina/","created_at":"2026-06-08T17:17:48.099Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":8565,"retweet_count":1964,"reply_count":1035,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":[],"card":{"url":"https://swampthevoteusa.com/south-carolina/","title":"SOUTH CAROLINA: MAKE A PLAN TO VOTE!","description":"Primary Election Day in South Carolina is almost here, and it’s time to make your voice heard. Make a plan to vote!","image":"https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/cache/preview_cards/images/072/660/606/original/628fe895556662b8.png","provider":"swampthevoteusa.com"},"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116715622764306728","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-09T15:00:00.327Z"}},{"id":"116715621524683482","text":"$10","created_at":"2026-06-08T17:17:29.184Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":9216,"retweet_count":2110,"reply_count":144,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":[],"card":{"url":"https://swampthevoteusa.com/south-carolina/","title":"SOUTH CAROLINA: MAKE A PLAN TO VOTE!","description":"Primary Election Day in South Carolina is almost here, and it’s time to make your voice heard. Make a plan to vote!","image":"https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/cache/preview_cards/images/072/660/606/original/628fe895556662b8.png","provider":"swampthevoteusa.com"},"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116715621524683482","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-09T15:00:00.327Z"}},{"id":"116715619830723198","text":"$11","created_at":"2026-06-08T17:17:03.336Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":8870,"retweet_count":2008,"reply_count":108,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":[],"card":{"url":"https://swampthevoteusa.com/nevada/","title":"NEVADA: MAKE A PLAN TO VOTE!","description":"Primary Election Day in Nevada is almost here, and it’s time to make your voice heard. Make a plan to vote!","image":"https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/cache/preview_cards/images/072/660/476/original/f0e85143cb758cf4.png","provider":"swampthevoteusa.com"},"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116715619830723198","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-09T15:00:00.327Z"}},{"id":"116715610606173494","text":"$12","created_at":"2026-06-08T17:14:42.580Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":8690,"retweet_count":1985,"reply_count":104,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":[],"card":{"url":"https://swampthevoteusa.com/nevada/","title":"NEVADA: MAKE A PLAN TO VOTE!","description":"Primary Election Day in Nevada is almost here, and it’s time to make your voice heard. Make a plan to vote!","image":"https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/cache/preview_cards/images/072/660/476/original/f0e85143cb758cf4.png","provider":"swampthevoteusa.com"},"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116715610606173494","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-09T15:00:00.327Z"}},{"id":"116715608900561503","text":"$13","created_at":"2026-06-08T17:14:16.555Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":8478,"retweet_count":1940,"reply_count":93,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":[],"card":{"url":"https://swampthevoteusa.com/nevada/","title":"NEVADA: MAKE A PLAN TO VOTE!","description":"Primary Election Day in Nevada is almost here, and it’s time to make your voice heard. Make a plan to vote!","image":"https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/cache/preview_cards/images/072/660/476/original/f0e85143cb758cf4.png","provider":"swampthevoteusa.com"},"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116715608900561503","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-09T15:00:00.327Z"}},{"id":"116715607671988453","text":"$14","created_at":"2026-06-08T17:13:57.809Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":8309,"retweet_count":1893,"reply_count":102,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":[],"card":{"url":"https://swampthevoteusa.com/nevada/","title":"NEVADA: MAKE A PLAN TO VOTE!","description":"Primary Election Day in Nevada is almost here, and it’s time to make your voice heard. Make a plan to vote!","image":"https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/cache/preview_cards/images/072/660/476/original/f0e85143cb758cf4.png","provider":"swampthevoteusa.com"},"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116715607671988453","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-09T15:00:00.327Z"}},{"id":"116715606308730372","text":"Stavros Anthony has been a fantastic Lieutenant Governor for the Great People of Nevada!\nA Highly Respected Police Officer, Civic Leader, and Las Vegas City Council Member, and now, distinguished Lieutenant Governor, working with outstanding Governor Joe Lombardo, Stavros has proven he has the Courage and Wisdom to deliver strong results for the incredible people of his wonderful State, and our Nation. He is working hard to Grow the Economy, Cut Taxes and Regulations, Promote NO TAX ON TIPS, Advance MADE IN THE U.S.A., Unleash American Energy DOMINANCE, Champion School Choice, Keep our Border SECURE, Stop Migrant Crime, Ensure LAW AND ORDER, and Protect our always under siege Second Amendment.\nStavros Anthony has my Complete and Total Endorsement for Re-Election. Election Day is Tuesday, June 9th. GET OUT AND VOTE FOR STAVROS — HE WILL NEVER LET YOU DOWN!\nFind your Voting Location here: https://swampthevoteusa.com/nevada/","created_at":"2026-06-08T17:13:37.006Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":8169,"retweet_count":1868,"reply_count":78,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":[],"card":{"url":"https://swampthevoteusa.com/nevada/","title":"NEVADA: MAKE A PLAN TO VOTE!","description":"Primary Election Day in Nevada is almost here, and it’s time to make your voice heard. Make a plan to vote!","image":"https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/cache/preview_cards/images/072/660/476/original/f0e85143cb758cf4.png","provider":"swampthevoteusa.com"},"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116715606308730372","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-09T15:00:00.327Z"}},{"id":"116715605006475064","text":"Joe Lombardo is the strong and very popular Governor of Nevada, a very special place to me in that we had a BIG Presidential Election Win on November 5, 2024!\nAs the former Sheriff of Clark County, and brave U.S. Army Veteran, Joe strongly supports our incredible Law Enforcement, Military, and Veterans, and knows the Wisdom and Courage it takes to Promote LAW AND ORDER. As Governor, he is fighting tirelessly to Grow the Economy, Cut Taxes and Regulations, Promote NO TAX ON TIPS, Advance MADE IN THE U.S.A., Unleash American Energy DOMINANCE, Provide Access to Affordable Health Care, Champion School Choice, Keep our Border SECURE, Stop Migrant Crime, and Defend our always under siege Second Amendment.\nJoe Lombardo is SMART, STRONG, AND TOUGH, and has my Complete and Total Endorsement for Re-Election. Election Day is Tuesday, June 9th. GET OUT AND VOTE FOR JOE — HE WILL NEVER LET YOU DOWN!\nFind your Voting Location here: https://swampthevoteusa.com/nevada/","created_at":"2026-06-08T17:13:17.135Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":8167,"retweet_count":1894,"reply_count":87,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":[],"card":{"url":"https://swampthevoteusa.com/nevada/","title":"NEVADA: MAKE A PLAN TO VOTE!","description":"Primary Election Day in Nevada is almost here, and it’s time to make your voice heard. Make a plan to vote!","image":"https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/cache/preview_cards/images/072/660/476/original/f0e85143cb758cf4.png","provider":"swampthevoteusa.com"},"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116715605006475064","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-09T15:00:00.327Z"}},{"id":"116715603697839026","text":"Congresswoman Julie Fedorchak is doing a fantastic job representing the Great People of North Dakota, a State I love, and WON BIG, THREE TIMES, in 2016, 2020, and 2024!\nJulie has an incredible Record of Success, and strong support from her Community. In Congress, she is working tirelessly to Grow our Economy, Cut Taxes and Regulations, Promote MADE IN THE U.S.A., Support our Amazing Farmers and Ranchers, Unleash American Energy DOMINANCE, Keep our Border SECURE, Champion our Military/Veterans, and Defend our always under siege Second Amendment.\nJulie Fedorchak has my Complete and Total Endorsement for Re-Election. Election Day is Tuesday, June 9th. GET OUT AND VOTE FOR JULIE — SHE WILL NEVER LET YOU DOWN!\nFind your Voting Location here: https://swampthevoteusa.com/north-dakota/","created_at":"2026-06-08T17:12:57.168Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":7909,"retweet_count":1820,"reply_count":81,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":[],"card":{"url":"https://swampthevoteusa.com/north-dakota/","title":"NORTH DAKOTA: MAKE A PLAN TO VOTE!","description":"Primary Election Day in North Dakota is almost here, and it’s time to make your voice heard. Make a plan to vote!","image":"https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/cache/preview_cards/images/072/660/460/original/1c48ace2e0cf4eaa.png","provider":"swampthevoteusa.com"},"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116715603697839026","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-09T15:00:00.327Z"}},{"id":"116715601994142024","text":"$15","created_at":"2026-06-08T17:12:31.173Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":7897,"retweet_count":1845,"reply_count":94,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":[],"card":{"url":"https://swampthevoteusa.com/maine/","title":"MAINE: MAKE A PLAN TO VOTE!","description":"Primary Election Day in Maine is almost here, and it’s time to make your voice heard. Make a plan to vote!","image":"https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/cache/preview_cards/images/072/660/449/original/2598d7c02073fdcc.png","provider":"swampthevoteusa.com"},"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116715601994142024","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-09T15:00:00.327Z"}},{"id":"116715381418144428","text":"Not possible for Spencer Pratt to have lost the L.A. runoffs after the big lead he had. 3rd World Nation. Rigged Elections! Now they’ll be working on great guy Steve Hilton. Won’t have results for, possibly, TWO WEEKS, according to officials. President DJT","created_at":"2026-06-08T16:16:25.448Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":17345,"retweet_count":5764,"reply_count":3188,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":[],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116715381418144428","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-09T15:00:00.327Z"}},{"id":"2063984786918854663","text":"Still think this US list from $MRVL to $ARM to $INTC was goated.\nJust as a recap if new followers were wondering what US equities I like.\nEspecially because I've been talking about international companies recently.\nSerenity: Here's a bunch of random 30 US-available random stocks I like today and why:\n1. $INTC - America's hope for foundry, national security\n2. $MRVL - scales rev from future maia asics and add ons like cpo, they do everything lost count\n3. $TSM - backbone of semis/ai\n4. $COHR - They","created_at":"2026-06-08T14:01:34.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-10T16:06:23.514Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HKS_ONQagAA4_jq?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HKS_ONeaYAAuPIm?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"2063984786918854663","sentiment":"bullish","sentiment_score":0.6,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":true,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-08T15:00:00.395Z"}},{"id":"2063951279278391414","text":"I think the implications of JP Morgan's disclosure of buying 5.25%+ of $SIVE is a lot greater than people think.\n> $135M is pennies to US institutions. They can easily acquire 25% with their capital.\nThey're just constrained by the amount of float that's available from retail to buy.\n> Signals to other institutions that other large institutions are buying up the float.\nWhich triggers more institutional interest.\n> Given float is heavily shorted by Swedish Hedge Funds and random algorithmic ones.\nIf large US institutions like JP Morgan are starting to buying the float, it's a blaring signal to start and cover.\nOf course, most of all, this is validating thesis of giving ideas to retail first to frontrun the institutions + the next CPO supercycle.\nSerenity: Surprised $SIVE is only up 3.36% off the news JP Morgan (institutional) bought 5%+ ownership of Sivers.\nJust in the last month alone.\nFirst major signal of major institutional buying of the float for Sivers.","created_at":"2026-06-08T11:48:25.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-10T13:36:23.335Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HKSf2dRbQAAk4vv?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HKRlyoubEAA31qA?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"2063951279278391414","sentiment":"bullish","sentiment_score":0.8,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":true,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-08T15:00:00.395Z"}},{"id":"2063933976012861533","text":"All the outlets in China are just as confused as I am about 300376.\nJust an FYI, these are all follower recommended stock ideas, not mine.\nI’m just compiling all the shoutouts into a list of 30+ names related/adjacent to 800v DC exposure.\nSerenity: ????\n大家都知道这只是个众包名单吧？\n300376怎么涨了20%啊哈哈","created_at":"2026-06-08T10:39:40.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-10T10:36:23.124Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HKSQ-BsbQAAX_Ul?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HKSQ-BubkAAuTBp?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HKRctkIbcAARILI?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"2063933976012861533","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0.1,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-08T15:00:00.395Z"}},{"id":"116714035637911912","text":"Both sides, Israel and Iran, are looking to do an immediate CEASEFIRE! Final negotiations on “Peace” are proceeding, subject to ignorance or stupidity getting in its way. The Blockade will remain in place, and in full force and effect, until a “Final Deal” is reached. Things should move quickly. Thank you for your attention to this matter! President DONALD J. TRUMP","created_at":"2026-06-08T10:34:10.472Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":32640,"retweet_count":7241,"reply_count":7122,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T18:51:28.654Z","media_urls":[],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116714035637911912","sentiment":"bullish","sentiment_score":0.7,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-08T15:00:00.395Z"}},{"id":"116713960884981914","text":"Congressional report slams Minnesota's Walz, Ellison for turning ‘blind eye’ to mass welfare fraud: https://justthenews.com/accountability/waste-fraud-and-abuse/mon4ablind-eye-house-report-slams-minnesotas-walz-ellison","created_at":"2026-06-08T10:15:09.792Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":16545,"retweet_count":4738,"reply_count":1880,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T17:51:28.533Z","media_urls":[],"card":{"url":"https://justthenews.com/accountability/waste-fraud-and-abuse/mon4ablind-eye-house-report-slams-minnesotas-walz-ellison","title":"Congressional report slams Minnesota's Walz, Ellison for turning ‘blind eye’ to mass welfare fraud","description":"House oversight committee alleges that Minnesota Democrats in the state turned a blind eye to mass fraud because they feared \"political retribution from the politically active Somali community.\" James Comer, R-Ky, and the committee chairman said \"Americans are fed up with fraud and expect action ...","image":"https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/cache/preview_cards/images/072/646/236/original/e7e57f4d560fad51.jpg","provider":"justthenews.com"},"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116713960884981914","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-08T15:00:00.395Z"}},{"id":"116713809450237814","text":"Israel and Iran must immediately stop “shooting.” President DONALD J. TRUMP","created_at":"2026-06-08T09:36:39.124Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":18169,"retweet_count":3887,"reply_count":2570,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T17:51:28.533Z","media_urls":[],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116713809450237814","sentiment":"bullish","sentiment_score":0.6,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-08T15:00:00.395Z"}},{"id":"116713771269812342","text":"No way this could have happened. Rigged Election!","created_at":"2026-06-08T09:26:56.495Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":17725,"retweet_count":6025,"reply_count":3555,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T17:51:28.533Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/713/771/022/409/099/original/534121378c9d51e1.jpg"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116713771269812342","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-08T15:00:00.395Z"}},{"id":"2063886704306802891","text":"Surprised $SIVE is only up 3.36% off the news JP Morgan (institutional) bought 5%+ ownership of Sivers.\nJust in the last month alone.\nFirst major signal of major institutional buying of the float for Sivers.\nSerenity: Sigh.\nI keep telling retail + Swedish Hedge Funds how important $SIVE is to CPO, but people don’t listen.\nEnough retail holders got shaken off, and\nnow JP Morgan managed to buy up a massive stake in Sivers (purely institutional).\nJP Morgan went from .4% ownership last month","created_at":"2026-06-08T07:31:50.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-10T07:06:27.869Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HKRlyoubEAA31qA?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HKFrSAVbcAAe8yv?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HKFrSAZbEAAiNcI?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"2063886704306802891","sentiment":"bullish","sentiment_score":0.75,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":true,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-08T15:00:00.395Z"}},{"id":"2063876472419533110","text":"????\n大家都知道这只是个众包名单吧？\n300376怎么涨了20%啊哈哈\nSerenity: Okay chat, here's your compiled list chat of your favorite 800V DC related ideas.\n1. $IFNNY - $115.8B\n2. $ON - $46.2B\n3. Lite-On (2301) - $16.03B\n4. 6504.T - $14.1B\n5. $VICR - $12.8B\n6. $LFUS - $11.57B\n7. http://2577.HK - $8.34B\n8. $VSH - $7.86B\n9. $ENPH - $7.36B","created_at":"2026-06-08T06:51:10.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-10T05:04:25.524Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HKRctkIbcAARILI?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"2063876472419533110","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0.2,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-08T15:00:00.395Z"}},{"id":"2063869376542192013","text":"$16","created_at":"2026-06-08T06:22:58.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-10T04:19:25.477Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJGJYjcbkAAJD9S?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"2063869376542192013","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0.2,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-08T15:00:00.395Z"}},{"id":"2063851425462173726","text":"$17","created_at":"2026-06-08T05:11:38.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-10T03:34:25.463Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HKRF18YaoAAyZtp?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HKQWSMYaQAAQkZS?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"2063851425462173726","sentiment":"bullish","sentiment_score":0.75,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":true,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-08T15:00:00.395Z"}},{"id":"116712260792747726","text":"Has anybody been watching the CROOKED Election going on in California. Two great Republican Candidates are being cheated, and so is America, which if the Dumocrats are able to fulfill their mission, great trouble and consternation will follow. Watch this “Election” closely!!! President DJT","created_at":"2026-06-08T03:02:48.439Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":28693,"retweet_count":8425,"reply_count":5449,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T16:36:28.421Z","media_urls":[],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116712260792747726","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-08T15:00:00.395Z"}},{"id":"2063798063035228188","text":"I appreciate the objective coverage from 中国证券报 (China Securities Journal) on my LeaderDrive (688017) analysis!\nOn the article:\n“A single tweet ignites the leading robotics stock, who exactly is the \"White-Haired God of Stocks\" Serenity?”\nSupply chains are global, and my research shows that Chinese companies like 688017 hold a dominant position over low-cost, mass production as humanoids scale up.\nJust a heads up: I do believe Leaderdrive’s position is very undervalued long term (next few years), if you weigh component costs vs. current customers vs. robotics TAM.\nBut I don’t control any near term volatility, especially with macro climates.\nI’m flattered regardless by the institutional coverage of my track record of picking longs like $MRVL and my investment framework.\nAs well as the recent support from the Chinese community.\nCryptoCat|猫姐🐈: 中国证劵报写了一篇标题为：“白毛股神”究竟是谁？ 的文章！\n要知道中国证券报在中国资本市场地位极高，是新华社主办的官方指定信息披露核心媒体，与上海证券报、证券时报并列三大权威渠道，属于T0级别，具有法定公信力和政策引导“一锤定音”的影响力\n@aleabitoreddit 你真的太火了！\n#白毛股神","created_at":"2026-06-08T01:39:36.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-10T01:19:25.271Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HKQVZWkaUAAwCkp?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HKQVZWlaMAAfxxx?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HKQVZWlboAAf5un?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HKOYTSnbcAACtXz?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"2063798063035228188","sentiment":"bullish","sentiment_score":0.65,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":true,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-08T15:00:00.395Z"}},{"id":"2063609539396862206","text":"哇？我的粉丝数竟然突破70万了……而且在过去的短短3天里，我又额外收获了5000名订阅者。\n真的非常感谢大家。\n尤其要特别感谢最近给予我巨大支持的中文社区！\nSerenity: I now am the #1 most subscribed to account on the entire X platform!\nAfter overtaking Elon Musk today.\nThank you everyone for helping me achieve my goal.","created_at":"2026-06-07T13:10:28.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-09T14:49:24.591Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HKNp8BNaUAAcgiA?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJ8U4Iea4AAt93D?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJ8U4IgbgAAmNbI?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"2063609539396862206","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-07T15:00:00.458Z"}},{"id":"2063603368178938193","text":"On top: $NVDA CEO also called out Silicon Photonics (optical networking) with memory.\nStating that Nvidia would require “supply volumes beyond imagination”.\nWhat a bullish read through on the SiPH supply chain from $SIVE (now upstream Nvidia ecosystem) to $SOI\nSerenity: Oh look… $NVDA CEO warned memory shortage is expected to persist for many years, due to massive scaling demand of AI infrastructure.\nWith further announcements tomorrow.\n$MU and $EWY (Samsung/SK Hynix) operating profit projections aren’t looking too crazy anymore?","created_at":"2026-06-07T12:45:57.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-09T13:49:24.498Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HKNkPMVaEAAWaSm?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HKNSkspbYAAxtX7?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"2063603368178938193","sentiment":"bullish","sentiment_score":0.85,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":true,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-07T15:00:00.458Z"}},{"id":"2063583856025108986","text":"Oh look… $NVDA CEO warned memory shortage is expected to persist for many years, due to massive scaling demand of AI infrastructure.\nWith further announcements tomorrow.\n$MU and $EWY (Samsung/SK Hynix) operating profit projections aren’t looking too crazy anymore?\nSerenity: $MU looks like the next Nvidia.\nWhen Nvidia was $400B (now $4.5T+), markets thought GPUs were a short-term cycle.\nSame with memory today.\nAI has broken that cycle.\nWith the same \"Made in America\" and White House backing like $INTC:\nDon't overthink things with Micron.","created_at":"2026-06-07T11:28:25.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-09T08:34:24.062Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HKNSkspbYAAxtX7?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/G_QnbCGaoAER6R7?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"2063583856025108986","sentiment":"bullish","sentiment_score":0.85,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":true,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-07T15:00:00.458Z"}},{"id":"2063571485739106593","text":"$18","created_at":"2026-06-07T10:39:16.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-09T07:19:23.987Z","media_urls":[],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"2063571485739106593","sentiment":"mixed","sentiment_score":0.2,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":true,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-07T15:00:00.458Z"}},{"id":"2063537442247107000","text":"Well, looks like it’s time to do some research on how to profit off of Cuba’s economic collapse.\nFollowing US sanctions last month.\nAnyone got ideas?","created_at":"2026-06-07T08:23:59.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-07T08:28:34.133Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HKMoXYCbsAAA0qY?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"2063537442247107000","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-07T15:00:00.458Z"}},{"id":"2063465386960736396","text":"$19","created_at":"2026-06-07T03:37:40.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-09T05:34:23.868Z","media_urls":[],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"2063465386960736396","sentiment":"bullish","sentiment_score":0.6,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-07T15:00:00.458Z"}},{"id":"2063442668844167613","text":"Just very helpful timelines reiterated around glass substrate (source: Trendforce):\n- SKC Absolics (011790) H2 2026 (first mover x $AMAT) - $AMD customers\n- Samsung electromechanics h2 2027 (009150) x Sumitomo Chem (4005) - Apple / $AVGO / hyperscalers\nIdk about $INTC 2030 reports, we’ll see.\n$TSM CoPoS was 2-3Y was correct though from recent TSM chairman comments. Innolux was interesting beneficiary. $SHMD should be too off TSM but financials were pretty toxic.\nSame players should appear multiple times, eg innolux + SKC.\nAlso applies to $LPK and upstream equipment seller around these ramps.","created_at":"2026-06-07T02:07:23.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-09T01:58:37.034Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HKLSK0-a0AAgWf_?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"2063442668844167613","sentiment":"bullish","sentiment_score":0.65,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-07T15:00:00.458Z"}},{"id":"116705031438300324","text":"This will someday save Washington. Judge Leon has to get out of the way, and FAST. He is putting our Country in danger!","created_at":"2026-06-06T20:24:17.312Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":43134,"retweet_count":10591,"reply_count":6579,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T16:36:28.421Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/705/030/652/242/478/original/4443b942bbc533cc.jpg"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116705031438300324","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-07T15:00:00.458Z"}},{"id":"116705030219403020","text":"","created_at":"2026-06-06T20:23:58.718Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":26680,"retweet_count":4917,"reply_count":1908,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T14:21:28.266Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/705/029/999/862/204/original/70ba054abefe4f47.jpg"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116705030219403020","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-07T15:00:00.458Z"}},{"id":"116705029461901408","text":"","created_at":"2026-06-06T20:23:47.157Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":23499,"retweet_count":4661,"reply_count":2940,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T13:36:28.240Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/705/029/234/917/617/original/155d2f7b4f1bfd01.jpg"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116705029461901408","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-07T15:00:00.458Z"}},{"id":"116705028510137698","text":"","created_at":"2026-06-06T20:23:32.634Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":32084,"retweet_count":6435,"reply_count":2037,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T03:51:27.564Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/705/028/269/517/648/original/9c5dc6bdab97817e.jpg"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116705028510137698","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-07T15:00:00.458Z"}},{"id":"116705027777737558","text":"","created_at":"2026-06-06T20:23:21.458Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":34431,"retweet_count":7535,"reply_count":3236,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T00:51:27.289Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/705/027/546/587/180/original/19ea8f22288e98a6.jpg"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116705027777737558","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-07T15:00:00.458Z"}},{"id":"116704422765567886","text":"The Barack Hussein Obama Library, in 10 years, when fully matured!","created_at":"2026-06-06T17:49:29.705Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":32238,"retweet_count":7683,"reply_count":4179,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-12T21:06:27.124Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/704/295/979/727/379/original/16f50b7757403295.jpg"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116704422765567886","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-07T15:00:00.458Z"}},{"id":"116704420579005040","text":"All work is complete! Great American Patriots, primarily from the Great State of Oklahoma, plus Doug Burgum, Secretary of the Interior, inspecting the very complex, but powerful, Dark Blue surface of the Reflecting Pool, prior to submerging it in CLEAN, BEAUTIFUL WATER. It was originally opened in 1922, but never functioned properly — now it does! Thank you President Trump, thank you Department of the Interior — AND THE BEST IS YET TO COME with The Trump Promenade at The Lincoln Memorial, and The Triumphal Arch, which will be, along with the White House Ballroom, when completed, the Greatest Structure in Washington. President DONALD J. TRUMP","created_at":"2026-06-06T17:48:56.341Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":28167,"retweet_count":5772,"reply_count":1426,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-12T19:06:26.974Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/704/297/482/767/783/original/2600400ff997cd02.jpg"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116704420579005040","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-07T15:00:00.458Z"}},{"id":"2063235166336856251","text":"If you’re curious:\n$4649 for 107,894,491 (100M+) impressions!\nAll of this is going to dog rescues, will be doing large donations later!\nIt’s ~$600 / dog rescued, so it scales proportionally with Serenity fan count!\nI also believe in making all my profits off $SIVE to $AAOI with stocks in the market, not off followers.\nEspecially if I’m a good enough investor.\nSo never felt the need to have high paywalls or do paid ads. (I’d do this anyway even if it weren’t monetized).\nI’m glad I can help things I care about just by posting ideas throughout the day for fun.\nAnd I’ve seen a lot of followers recently donate to their local shelters in my name.\nSo genuinely thank you all for that, makes me happy.","created_at":"2026-06-06T12:22:51.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-09T00:58:36.971Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HKIVchbaQAA45oU?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HKIVchga8AA5J9t?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"2063235166336856251","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0.1,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-06T15:00:00.403Z"}},{"id":"116703096524227539","text":"RT: https://truthsocial.com/users/realDonaldTrump/statuses/116703094991947376","created_at":"2026-06-06T12:12:12.897Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":23353,"retweet_count":5520,"reply_count":2055,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-12T16:21:26.795Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/703/096/249/301/801/original/d8073e84c999f42f.jpg"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116703096524227539","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-06T15:00:00.403Z"}},{"id":"116703094991947376","text":"","created_at":"2026-06-06T12:11:49.489Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":17259,"retweet_count":3561,"reply_count":1093,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-12T16:06:26.813Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/703/092/875/940/408/original/a9996d0bc986f1f1.mp4#poster=https%3A%2F%2Fstatic-assets-1.truthsocial.com%2Ftmtg%3Aprime-ts-assets%2Fmedia_attachments%2Fthumbnails%2F116%2F703%2F092%2F875%2F940%2F408%2Foriginal%2F778a1c787e6b7a02.jpg"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116703094991947376","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-06T15:00:00.403Z"}},{"id":"2063211040989733012","text":"Apparently I’m all over Chinese news now?\nI just published some research on LeaderDrive (688017) and their role in humanoid supply chains.\nLooks like China’s robotics stock sector went up and 688017 hit 20% limit up?\nI appreciate they called me “Overseas God”.\nSerenity: 专门写给我的中文读者：\n绿的谐波（LeaderDrive，688017，577.3亿人民币）是我在布局人形机器人赛道时最青睐的中国上市标的。\n他们的业务涵盖：\n谐波减速器（据称占有超过60%的国内市场份额，以及1800多家全球客户）\n人形机器人旋转关节减速器\n直线执行器\n电机/关节，以及许多其他核心零部件。","created_at":"2026-06-06T10:46:59.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-09T00:13:36.947Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HKH_gUaagAA1B8h?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HKH_gUZagAATtK7?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HKBCo8Na8AARO4Y?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HKBBuNdaMAAemna?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HKBBuNcbkAAF_75?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"2063211040989733012","sentiment":"bullish","sentiment_score":0.8,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":true,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-06T15:00:00.403Z"}},{"id":"2063178421497221604","text":"$1a","created_at":"2026-06-06T08:37:22.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-08T13:58:36.368Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HKHhFkFaIAAgJfq?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"2063178421497221604","sentiment":"bullish","sentiment_score":0.6,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":true,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-06T15:00:00.403Z"}},{"id":"2063118835105014006","text":"How are all you regards on $RDDT down -99% after 2 red days?\nIs it that hard just to hold indiviudal stocks like $AAOI or $MRVL that are already high-beta?\nYou can be right directionally, but wrong on short-term timing.\nOne extra week or month makes a huge difference.","created_at":"2026-06-06T04:40:35.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-08T11:43:36.139Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HKGrowna4AAMv-M?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HKGrowlasAAAvZ-?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"2063118835105014006","sentiment":"bullish","sentiment_score":0.4,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-06T15:00:00.403Z"}},{"id":"2063077375315996948","text":"真是让我受宠若惊，围绕着我的 X（推特）帖子居然建立起了一个完整的微型经济圈？\n-> 追踪我做多股票的网站\n-> Github 项目\n-> 新闻媒体\n-> 用 AI 直接搬运我内容的 X 大 V (网红)\n-> 迷因币/土狗币（我不支持，但你们开心就好）\n-> 帖子倒卖者\n我的所有内容都是免费发布的。之后衍生出的任何东西都是公开信息！\n所以，如果有人打算收费，希望他们至少能在原有基础上提供一些额外的价值！Yidan: @aleabitoreddit You know there are people making good money by selling your posts on X on Chinese social medias like Red Book. 🤣","created_at":"2026-06-06T01:55:51.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-08T10:28:36.136Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HKDK21xXAAA0Lge?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HKDK21xW8AANLTc?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"2063077375315996948","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-06T15:00:00.403Z"}},{"id":"116700520262725077","text":"I am pleased to announce the nomination of Judge James Crowell to the District of Columbia Court of Appeals! James is one of the best Judges on the D.C. Superior Court, and previously served as a Senior DOJ Official, and Chief of the Criminal Division in the Maryland U.S. Attorney’s Office. He is also a longtime Army Reservist. James will continue to protect the Public Safety of Washington, D.C.’s Residents in his new role on the DCCA. Congratulations James! President DONALD J. TRUMP","created_at":"2026-06-06T01:17:02.172Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":23240,"retweet_count":4532,"reply_count":1293,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-12T16:06:26.813Z","media_urls":[],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116700520262725077","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-06T15:00:00.403Z"}},{"id":"116700467581548341","text":"I am pleased to announce the nomination of Stuart Nash to the District of Columbia Court of Appeals! Stuart is currently a Partner at Holland & Knight LLP, and previously served as a Judge on the D.C. Superior Court. He also worked as a Senior Official in the Office of the Deputy Attorney General, and was a TOUGH ON CRIME Prosecutor in the D.C. U.S. Attorney’s Office. Stuart will help us continue to make our Nation’s Capital SAFE AND BEAUTIFUL AGAIN. Congratulations Stuart! President DONALD J. TRUMP","created_at":"2026-06-06T01:03:38.321Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":20184,"retweet_count":3897,"reply_count":549,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-12T15:21:26.716Z","media_urls":[],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116700467581548341","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-06T15:00:00.403Z"}},{"id":"116700317044413863","text":"The Governor of the Great State of Maryland, Wes Moore, has put a halt to all work being done at Joint Base Andrews Air Force Base, concerning the renovation and restoration of their two old and dilapidated Golf Courses, into two, World Class, Jack Nicklaus Designed Courses, plus nine additional holes, also designed by Jack, specially adapted for our Wounded Warriors. By doing this, the Governor is attacking the United States Air Force, and our Military, not a smart thing to do. These Courses exist, they are terrible, Jack Nicklaus will make them GREAT. Why should the Air Force and other Military personnel be forced to wait through a long Legal Review process and, perhaps, even more so, why should Wounded Warriors be forced to travel long distances to play Golf somewhere else or, worse yet, not play Golf at all. Our Soldiers and Veterans deserve THE BEST — NO WAITING, NO GAMES! Thank you for your attention to this matter. President DONALD J. TRUMP","created_at":"2026-06-06T00:25:21.304Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":23326,"retweet_count":6121,"reply_count":1656,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-12T13:51:26.541Z","media_urls":[],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116700317044413863","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-06T15:00:00.403Z"}},{"id":"116700314213235270","text":"","created_at":"2026-06-06T00:24:38.104Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":18716,"retweet_count":4285,"reply_count":1209,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-12T13:36:26.529Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/700/313/649/815/447/original/2d7ef81b647ad600.mp4#poster=https%3A%2F%2Fstatic-assets-1.truthsocial.com%2Ftmtg%3Aprime-ts-assets%2Fmedia_attachments%2Fthumbnails%2F116%2F700%2F313%2F649%2F815%2F447%2Foriginal%2F1f3338650fdf9d0b.jpg"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116700314213235270","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-06T15:00:00.403Z"}},{"id":"2063048067432239598","text":"Sigh.\nI keep telling retail + Swedish Hedge Funds how important $SIVE is to CPO, but people don’t listen.\nEnough retail holders got shaken off, and\nnow JP Morgan managed to buy up a massive stake in Sivers (purely institutional).\nJP Morgan went from .4% ownership last month to 5%+ ownership this month…\nSerenity: The US/West now controls majority of the shares of $SIVE.\nWith Goldman Sachs/JP Morgan/Morgan Stanley and other US institutions entering.\nUS/West 46.8%:\n- Fidelity: 11.5% (retail)\n- Charles Schawb: 11.4% (retail)\n- $IBKR: 9.3% (primarily retail)\n- BNY Mellon: 4.2% (retail)","created_at":"2026-06-05T23:59:23.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-08T07:28:35.877Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HKFrSAVbcAAe8yv?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HKFrSAZbEAAiNcI?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HH6KkRYa4AAlaEs?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HH6KmH_boAAlDVG?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HH6KnLwasAAd3b9?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HH6KnanasAANVwO?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"2063048067432239598","sentiment":"bullish","sentiment_score":0.8,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":true,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-06T15:00:00.403Z"}},{"id":"116700134096664481","text":"$1b","created_at":"2026-06-05T23:38:49.746Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":17267,"retweet_count":3691,"reply_count":512,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-12T01:36:25.778Z","media_urls":[],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116700134096664481","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-06T15:00:00.403Z"}},{"id":"116700129833996613","text":"Despite the best efforts of the America Hating Dumocrat Party, which did its very best to DESTROY the U.S.A. during the four long years of the Autopen Administration, over 172,000 AMERICANS found Jobs in the month of May alone! As usual, 100 PERCENT of Bloomberg Economists (who appear to be entering the \"Terminal\" stages of Trump Derangement Syndrome) underestimated our Economy. UNLIKE the phony California Election results, these numbers don't take months and months to \"trickle in\" (PASS THE SAVE AMERICA ACT!). They always say \"April showers bring May flowers.\" Well, here in the “HOTTEST” Country in the World, in both April AND May, IT'S RAINING JOBS! President DONALD J. TRUMP","created_at":"2026-06-05T23:37:44.705Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":21175,"retweet_count":5266,"reply_count":1283,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-12T01:36:25.778Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/700/129/599/021/812/original/7f05e25ae6b3138b.png"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116700129833996613","sentiment":"bullish","sentiment_score":0.5,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-06T15:00:00.403Z"}},{"id":"116700110138790417","text":"Eric Metaxas, a great guy, has written an incredible new book, “Revolution: The Birth of the Greatest Nation in the History of the World.” As we celebrate our Nation’s 250th Birthday, Eric honors the Faith, Wisdom, and Courage of the Great Patriots who sacrificed so much to secure our Independence. These stories of our shared past inspire us to build a future bigger, greater, and stronger than ever before. THE BEST IS YET TO COME!\nGet your copy today:\nhttps://www.amazon.com/Revolution-Birth-Greatest-Nation-History/dp/1631440888","created_at":"2026-06-05T23:32:44.179Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":16255,"retweet_count":3836,"reply_count":499,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-12T01:36:25.778Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/700/109/494/218/272/original/7a23a6864eeceba6.jpg"],"card":{"url":"https://www.amazon.com/Revolution-Birth-Greatest-Nation-History/dp/1631440888","title":"Amazon.com","description":"","image":"","provider":"www.amazon.com"},"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116700110138790417","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-06T15:00:00.403Z"}},{"id":"116700093262063892","text":"$1c","created_at":"2026-06-05T23:28:26.660Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":17659,"retweet_count":4354,"reply_count":815,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-12T00:06:25.660Z","media_urls":[],"card":{"url":"https://trumprx.gov/","title":"TrumpRx","description":"Delivering the lowest prescription prices in the world for Americans.","image":"https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/cache/preview_cards/images/061/306/417/original/99275bdeedba3be9.webp","provider":"trumprx.gov"},"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116700093262063892","sentiment":"bearish","sentiment_score":-0.3,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-06T15:00:00.403Z"}},{"id":"116698961983538347","text":"RT: https://truthsocial.com/users/realDonaldTrump/statuses/116698960799135985","created_at":"2026-06-05T18:40:44.718Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":21217,"retweet_count":4689,"reply_count":1569,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-11T23:36:25.631Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/698/961/542/117/897/original/9e3fdb1cc246bdeb.png"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116698961983538347","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-06T15:00:00.403Z"}},{"id":"116698960799135985","text":"RT: https://truthsocial.com/users/realDonaldTrump/statuses/116698954650603382","created_at":"2026-06-05T18:40:26.649Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":19995,"retweet_count":4009,"reply_count":740,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-11T21:51:25.538Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/698/960/653/729/537/original/62034ee0d1aeb191.png"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116698960799135985","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-06T15:00:00.403Z"}},{"id":"116698954650603382","text":"","created_at":"2026-06-05T18:38:52.828Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":15681,"retweet_count":2773,"reply_count":392,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-11T17:51:25.236Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/698/953/458/501/204/original/8ecdec266e52a3d7.mp4#poster=https%3A%2F%2Fstatic-assets-1.truthsocial.com%2Ftmtg%3Aprime-ts-assets%2Fmedia_attachments%2Fthumbnails%2F116%2F698%2F953%2F458%2F501%2F204%2Foriginal%2F3ad304ce407b4c32.jpg"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116698954650603382","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-06T15:00:00.403Z"}},{"id":"116698946934390373","text":"","created_at":"2026-06-05T18:36:55.090Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":19447,"retweet_count":4070,"reply_count":608,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-11T17:21:25.199Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/698/946/629/561/141/original/2dc38c73febf5d4e.jpg","https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/698/946/631/463/759/original/560b1ed5e7124998.jpg","https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/698/946/631/747/569/original/d532a3c9c22bcdc7.jpg"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116698946934390373","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-06T15:00:00.403Z"}},{"id":"116698935396731378","text":"","created_at":"2026-06-05T18:33:59.033Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":20258,"retweet_count":4292,"reply_count":694,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-11T14:51:25.036Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/698/935/293/793/208/original/4d30c4aededfa694.jpg"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116698935396731378","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-06T15:00:00.403Z"}},{"id":"116698934917338963","text":"","created_at":"2026-06-05T18:33:51.723Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":20258,"retweet_count":3816,"reply_count":553,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-11T14:36:25.023Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/698/934/797/232/497/original/f95193f19b7af96e.jpg"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116698934917338963","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-06T15:00:00.403Z"}},{"id":"116698934072280414","text":"","created_at":"2026-06-05T18:33:38.829Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":23951,"retweet_count":4246,"reply_count":931,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-11T14:36:25.023Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/698/933/163/326/176/original/c720493e37afd667.jpg","https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/698/933/163/215/270/original/9af6260e2392c52d.jpg"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116698934072280414","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-06T15:00:00.403Z"}},{"id":"116698625289241287","text":"RT: https://truthsocial.com/users/realDonaldTrump/statuses/116698624343659358Very impressive. Proud of you! President DJT","created_at":"2026-06-05T17:15:07.171Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":17664,"retweet_count":4295,"reply_count":938,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-11T13:06:24.951Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/698/624/891/146/167/original/9d9911999191473d.png"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116698625289241287","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-06T15:00:00.403Z"}},{"id":"116698624343659358","text":"","created_at":"2026-06-05T17:14:52.745Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":11318,"retweet_count":2403,"reply_count":277,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-11T12:21:24.904Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/698/623/047/793/826/original/3ba3e634f2eac50f.mp4#poster=https%3A%2F%2Fstatic-assets-1.truthsocial.com%2Ftmtg%3Aprime-ts-assets%2Fmedia_attachments%2Fthumbnails%2F116%2F698%2F623%2F047%2F793%2F826%2Foriginal%2Fda1f4a6ce1ab9d64.jpg"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116698624343659358","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-06T15:00:00.403Z"}},{"id":"2062927167936504133","text":"Fun times with market corrections.\nLeaders from $NVDA down -4.87% to $MU down -7.03%. High beta names like $PL down -22.02%.\nFunny to see media always trying to explain like:\n\"Micron suffers record wipeout as Broadcom casts a shadow over chip stocks \"\nBroadcom projected insatiable demand into 2028, just made up narratives. Nothing's changed the AI buildout aside from increasing capex.\nMain material thing was rate hike probabilities increase.\nBut you have random ones like these few times a year into ATHs.\nPersonally wouldn't try and trade fed decision probabilities and stay long on current company projections (eg. $AAOI $471m h1 2027)","created_at":"2026-06-05T15:58:58.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-08T07:28:35.877Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HKD4wGQb0AAAvw6?format=png&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HKD5p18bsAApO-T?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"2062927167936504133","sentiment":"bullish","sentiment_score":0.6,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":true,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-06T15:00:00.403Z"}},{"id":"116698298202189065","text":"","created_at":"2026-06-05T15:51:56.215Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":12414,"retweet_count":3156,"reply_count":3417,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-11T01:21:24.065Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/698/297/952/406/211/original/1590c7afaa77cc7c.jpg"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116698298202189065","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-06T15:00:00.403Z"}},{"id":"116698196665878804","text":"The Great Reflecting Pool, that stretches between The Lincoln Memorial and The Washington Monument, just opened to “rave reviews” but, maliciously or not, some say, like The Washington Post, it was a “paint job.” This was not a paint job. This was highly sophisticated material, industrial strength, that could last for 100 years, applied by very talented people, many of whom came from the Great State of Oklahoma, where I won 77 out of 77 Counties, THREE TIMES, the only President to ever do so. The material is thick, strong, flexible, and has a natural, beautiful color, the dark blue of the American Flag! President DONALD J. TRUMP","created_at":"2026-06-05T15:26:06.895Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":21327,"retweet_count":4778,"reply_count":1511,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-10T17:36:23.632Z","media_urls":[],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116698196665878804","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-06T15:00:00.403Z"}},{"id":"2062916125235831046","text":"Xintec (3374) also looks like an interesting idea (TSMC packaging/test subsidary).\nMC is at ~ $2.18B.\n$TSM COUPE mass production starts this half, H2 2026. and... they have plans for \"Aggressively pursuing CPO opportunities with subsidiaries Xintec\".\nThis is just very high-level, not too much public figures on volumes flowing to Xintec in COUPE.\nBut this is just a asymmetrical guess on $TSM wanting to vertically integrate as much as possible and volume flowing down to their own subidary.\nLot of the Taiwan CPO stocks like Foci, MSSCorp, Shunsin (foxconn advanced packaging/test), and co. are gradually being repriced... (disclosure: have exposure to everything above).\nBut generally, architectural shift is going to be pretty sudden, and will show up in their balance sheets soon.\nEspecially $TSM related companies (Xintec looks more compelling than VisEra, at least for this next few months). Foci I've already covered for FAU.\ntroy: @aleabitoreddit @ClewyCat great list, i’m in most. what are the few others ?","created_at":"2026-06-05T15:15:06.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-08T06:43:35.783Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HKDwUMSaoAElmHu?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"2062916125235831046","sentiment":"bullish","sentiment_score":0.5,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":true,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-06T15:00:00.403Z"}},{"id":"116697988425226966","text":"With a great Jobs Report, like just announced, stocks should go up, not down. That’s the way it was for 200 years. Growth does not mean inflation! How else can a Country attain GREATNESS??? President DJT","created_at":"2026-06-05T14:33:09.398Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":34951,"retweet_count":7072,"reply_count":3003,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-10T17:36:23.632Z","media_urls":[],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116697988425226966","sentiment":"bullish","sentiment_score":0.7,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-05T15:00:00.460Z"}},{"id":"2062903639300309302","text":"$1d","created_at":"2026-06-05T14:25:29.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-08T06:13:35.678Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HKDkXj2bEAABTrc?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"2062903639300309302","sentiment":"bullish","sentiment_score":0.6,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-05T15:00:00.460Z"}},{"id":"116697823135630394","text":"A great new book by fabulous Ainsley Earhardt, “America, I’m  So Glad You Were Born,” is out now. What a great title! Get it now. Make it number ONE!!! President DJT","created_at":"2026-06-05T13:51:07.277Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":15890,"retweet_count":3194,"reply_count":555,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-10T17:21:23.592Z","media_urls":[],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116697823135630394","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-05T15:00:00.460Z"}},{"id":"116697652239322943","text":"","created_at":"2026-06-05T13:07:39.609Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":17554,"retweet_count":3195,"reply_count":1344,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-10T17:21:23.592Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/697/651/830/109/614/original/ec6cd9dd0643430d.mp4#poster=https%3A%2F%2Fstatic-assets-1.truthsocial.com%2Ftmtg%3Aprime-ts-assets%2Fmedia_attachments%2Fthumbnails%2F116%2F697%2F651%2F830%2F109%2F614%2Foriginal%2F184233375c2bc1b3.jpg"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116697652239322943","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-05T15:00:00.460Z"}},{"id":"2062861381536461203","text":"Apparently my Chinese name is “白毛股神”\nWhich translates to “White Hair Stock God” in English.\nI’ll gladly accept it.","created_at":"2026-06-05T11:37:34.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-08T04:58:35.624Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HKDBfaybUAA6W0N?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"2062861381536461203","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-05T15:00:00.460Z"}},{"id":"2062824314655982037","text":"$$RPI: $283 -> $983, up 247% from my thesis post.\nQuote: Strong AI-related demand was expected to result in core profit \"significantly ahead\" of market expectations.\nTurns out European Media’s favorite “memestock” with “no fundamentals” back in Feb.\nWas actually was backed by revenue growth from AI?","created_at":"2026-06-05T09:10:16.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-08T01:28:35.389Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HKCfxZMbIAAtB_n?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HKCfxZLbgAAnbj5?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"2062824314655982037","sentiment":"bullish","sentiment_score":0.8,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-05T15:00:00.460Z"}},{"id":"116695405193333847","text":"","created_at":"2026-06-05T03:36:12.475Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":24059,"retweet_count":5044,"reply_count":2356,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-10T17:06:23.565Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/695/404/930/471/962/original/c6e4c1f362068ede.jpg"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116695405193333847","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-05T15:00:00.460Z"}},{"id":"116695215994955038","text":"$1e","created_at":"2026-06-05T02:48:05.507Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":25690,"retweet_count":6003,"reply_count":2052,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-10T14:51:23.407Z","media_urls":[],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116695215994955038","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-05T15:00:00.460Z"}},{"id":"2062723902728802341","text":"专门写给我的中文读者：\n绿的谐波（LeaderDrive，688017，577.3亿人民币）是我在布局人形机器人赛道时最青睐的中国上市标的。\n他们的业务涵盖：\n谐波减速器（据称占有超过60%的国内市场份额，以及1800多家全球客户）\n人形机器人旋转关节减速器\n直线执行器\n电机/关节，以及许多其他核心零部件。\n并且他们正在进军行星滚柱丝杠（planetary roller screws）领域。\n目前占据着绝对的主导地位：超过60%的国内市场份额以及1800多家全球客户。\n主要客户包括优傲机器人（Universal Robots）、优必选（UBTech）、智元机器人（Agibot），而特斯拉（Tesla）、Figure 以及绝大多数其他人形机器人研发商都很可能是他们的潜在客户。\n如果你看一下这些零部件的 BOM（物料清单），粗略估计它们占到了每台研发出的人形机器人的 4-15%，随着他们进军更多细分领域，这个比例可能还会更高。\n我认为没有人能对这类公司进行精确的财务建模，其前景更多取决于未来几年内会有多少人形机器人实现量产。\n这其实是对一家能够在每台生产出的人形机器人中占据可观份额的公司，进行的一种方向性做多（directional long）。\n在可扩展的规模化量产方面，中国显然是该领域的领导者，许多西方玩家无法将成本降到绿的谐波那样的水平。\n随着我们向实体人工智能（physical AI）的规模化迈进，我极其看好机器人这个赛道。","created_at":"2026-06-05T02:31:16.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-07T12:58:34.355Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HKBCo8Na8AARO4Y?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HKBBuNdaMAAemna?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HKBBuNcbkAAF_75?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"2062723902728802341","sentiment":"bullish","sentiment_score":0.7,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":true,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-05T15:00:00.460Z"}},{"id":"2062697638500462639","text":"$1f","created_at":"2026-06-05T00:46:54.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-07T12:43:34.361Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HKAskW0bsAAt7Mh?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"2062697638500462639","sentiment":"bullish","sentiment_score":0.8,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":true,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-05T15:00:00.460Z"}},{"id":"116694638006168499","text":"I’d like to thank our GREAT Senator, Lindsey Graham, for putting up THE SAVE AMERICA ACT for a Vote today. It states that:\n1. ALL VOTERS MUST SHOW PHOTO I.D. (IDENTIFICATION!).2. ALL VOTERS MUST SHOW PROOF OF CITIZENSHIP.3. NO MAIL-IN BALLOTS (EXCEPT FOR ILLNESS, DISABILITY, MILITARY, OR TRAVEL!).4. NO MEN IN WOMEN’S SPORTS.5. NO TRANSGENDER MUTILIZATION SURGERY FOR OUR CHILDREN.\nThis Tuesday, June 9th, all Republicans in South Carolina should vote for Lindsey Graham — HE HAS MY COMPLETE AND TOTAL ENDORSEMENT, AND WILL NOT LET YOU DOWN! President DONALD J. TRUMP","created_at":"2026-06-05T00:21:06.097Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":24708,"retweet_count":6026,"reply_count":3266,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-10T13:21:23.303Z","media_urls":[],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116694638006168499","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-05T15:00:00.460Z"}},{"id":"116694623719827006","text":"Watch California, everybody! Our Election process is as bad, or worse, than any Third World Country. The biggest difference is, they count their Votes much faster — They don’t wait seven days to tell you who won, rigging the Election during each and every one of them. Americans are ashamed of what is happening! President DONALD J. TRUMP","created_at":"2026-06-05T00:17:28.105Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":28215,"retweet_count":7953,"reply_count":2727,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-10T13:06:23.266Z","media_urls":[],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116694623719827006","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-05T15:00:00.460Z"}},{"id":"2062686651940483414","text":"Anthropic: “Urges Global Pause in AI Development”\nTranslation: “please let us take the lead, stop building!”\nRegardless, statements like this encourage every Country to start investing in AI.\nImplications are profound from fields of medicine, math, and basically everything.","created_at":"2026-06-05T00:03:15.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-07T11:13:34.278Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HKAik1VaEAAN0p5?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"2062686651940483414","sentiment":"bullish","sentiment_score":0.4,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-05T15:00:00.460Z"}},{"id":"116694036820867367","text":"A very big THANK YOU to the National Capital Planning Commission on the 8-1 approval of the Great Triumphal Arch to be built at the base of the Arlington Memorial Bridge, which has been waiting for this structure for over 200 years. When completed, it will be, without question, the Greatest Arch of them all! President DONALD J. TRUMP","created_at":"2026-06-04T21:48:12.699Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":24584,"retweet_count":5400,"reply_count":1527,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-10T11:21:23.191Z","media_urls":[],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116694036820867367","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-05T15:00:00.460Z"}},{"id":"116694027873070210","text":"$20","created_at":"2026-06-04T21:45:56.168Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":25329,"retweet_count":6270,"reply_count":1883,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-10T10:51:23.173Z","media_urls":[],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116694027873070210","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-05T15:00:00.460Z"}},{"id":"116693959003786265","text":"","created_at":"2026-06-04T21:28:25.371Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":20885,"retweet_count":5000,"reply_count":1373,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-10T10:51:23.173Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/693/958/828/595/292/original/e94013263e90d0d3.qt#poster=https%3A%2F%2Fstatic-assets-1.truthsocial.com%2Ftmtg%3Aprime-ts-assets%2Fmedia_attachments%2Fthumbnails%2F116%2F693%2F958%2F828%2F595%2F292%2Foriginal%2F4db583ce7735aada.jpg"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116693959003786265","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-05T15:00:00.460Z"}},{"id":"116693958442795308","text":"","created_at":"2026-06-04T21:28:16.813Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":16510,"retweet_count":3579,"reply_count":505,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-10T10:21:23.106Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/693/958/115/791/120/original/c03a192102b127ed.mp4#poster=https%3A%2F%2Fstatic-assets-1.truthsocial.com%2Ftmtg%3Aprime-ts-assets%2Fmedia_attachments%2Fthumbnails%2F116%2F693%2F958%2F115%2F791%2F120%2Foriginal%2F45a5c17a047d3c49.jpg"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116693958442795308","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-05T15:00:00.460Z"}},{"id":"116693351819812143","text":"RT: https://truthsocial.com/users/realDonaldTrump/statuses/116693349899092060","created_at":"2026-06-04T18:54:00.510Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":17258,"retweet_count":3803,"reply_count":986,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-10T09:51:23.065Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/693/351/557/926/681/original/11c2e601e1a4f88e.jpg"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116693351819812143","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-05T15:00:00.460Z"}},{"id":"116693349899092060","text":"","created_at":"2026-06-04T18:53:31.176Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":13384,"retweet_count":2548,"reply_count":313,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-10T09:51:23.065Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/693/349/557/668/373/original/e5384622ee7ee753.mp4#poster=https%3A%2F%2Fstatic-assets-1.truthsocial.com%2Ftmtg%3Aprime-ts-assets%2Fmedia_attachments%2Fthumbnails%2F116%2F693%2F349%2F557%2F668%2F373%2Foriginal%2Fefc6918e4bad31fe.jpg"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116693349899092060","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-05T15:00:00.460Z"}},{"id":"116693346120029554","text":"I believe we have the Most Dishonest Elections of any Country, anywhere in the World! President DONALD J. TRUMP","created_at":"2026-06-04T18:52:33.443Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":24609,"retweet_count":6468,"reply_count":2872,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-10T09:51:23.065Z","media_urls":[],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116693346120029554","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-05T15:00:00.460Z"}},{"id":"116693208143805221","text":"","created_at":"2026-06-04T18:17:28.157Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":11641,"retweet_count":2710,"reply_count":369,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-10T09:51:23.065Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/693/207/813/106/593/original/dbc3d9de47df6e5a.jpg"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116693208143805221","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-05T15:00:00.460Z"}},{"id":"116693194082109107","text":"RT: https://truthsocial.com/users/realDonaldTrump/statuses/116693183957822792The fountain was dedicated more than 100 years ago—in 1912–and after it stopped working in 2007, Obama and Biden let the fountain fall further into decay, so there was significant work required to get the fountain functional.The first photo below is what the Columbus Fountain looked like after it was vandalized under Biden.The other pictures show what it looks like now under “TRUMP.” The Carrara marble from Italy is so clean that it looks freshly quarried. Michelangelo’s “David” statue—arguably the world’s most famous marble statue—is made of Carrara marble.","created_at":"2026-06-04T18:13:53.654Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":19090,"retweet_count":4642,"reply_count":990,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-10T09:51:23.065Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/693/184/670/529/037/original/4bd4db9d9e00ccbd.jpg","https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/693/184/670/362/565/original/a3f84d5935879297.jpg"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116693194082109107","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-05T15:00:00.460Z"}},{"id":"116693183957822792","text":"BEFORE AND AFTER!","created_at":"2026-06-04T18:11:19.137Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":15115,"retweet_count":2986,"reply_count":468,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-10T09:51:23.065Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/693/182/529/455/300/original/dc14f3c566d411bd.jpg","https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/693/182/529/565/835/original/5040eba5be75d693.jpg"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116693183957822792","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-05T15:00:00.460Z"}},{"id":"116693181442732474","text":"Our Great “Warriors” who fixed and rebuilt the Reflecting Pool! President DJT","created_at":"2026-06-04T18:10:40.733Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":20602,"retweet_count":4517,"reply_count":835,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-10T09:51:23.065Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/693/181/068/205/318/original/0a38ddba4d72a1ab.jpg"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116693181442732474","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-05T15:00:00.460Z"}},{"id":"116693180717646723","text":"","created_at":"2026-06-04T18:10:29.668Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":10520,"retweet_count":2447,"reply_count":174,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-10T09:51:23.065Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/693/180/456/078/627/original/e3f7294a9eb17969.jpg"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116693180717646723","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-05T15:00:00.460Z"}},{"id":"116693179748077154","text":"Rounding the final turn! President DJT","created_at":"2026-06-04T18:10:14.873Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":14544,"retweet_count":2896,"reply_count":268,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-10T03:19:25.457Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/693/179/427/292/378/original/378f880099cfc266.jpg"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116693179748077154","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-05T15:00:00.460Z"}},{"id":"116693155155753302","text":"","created_at":"2026-06-04T18:03:59.623Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":16556,"retweet_count":3887,"reply_count":527,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-10T03:19:25.457Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/693/154/833/613/096/original/666349b10869924c.jpg"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116693155155753302","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-05T15:00:00.460Z"}},{"id":"116693130236297735","text":"","created_at":"2026-06-04T17:57:39.383Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":12429,"retweet_count":2549,"reply_count":520,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-10T02:34:25.395Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/693/129/994/363/750/original/a28e758ff5933136.jpg"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116693130236297735","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-05T15:00:00.460Z"}},{"id":"116693048289752658","text":"THE SAVE AMERICA ACT!1. ALL VOTERS MUST SHOW PHOTO I.D. (IDENTIFICATION!).2. ALL VOTERS MUST SHOW PROOF OF CITIZENSHIP.3. NO MAIL-IN BALLOTS (EXCEPT FOR ILLNESS, DISABILITY, MILITARY, OR TRAVEL!).4. NO MEN IN WOMEN’S SPORTS.5. NO TRANSGENDER MUTILIZATION SURGERY FOR OUR CHILDREN.","created_at":"2026-06-04T17:36:48.947Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":29871,"retweet_count":8596,"reply_count":2310,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-10T02:34:25.395Z","media_urls":[],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116693048289752658","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-05T15:00:00.460Z"}},{"id":"116693025089379568","text":"Look what’s happening in California, the Dumocrats, right before our very eyes, are stealing the Vote. I hope the Republicans are watching so that they can finally pass THE SAVE AMERICA ACT! President DONALD J. TRUMP","created_at":"2026-06-04T17:30:54.938Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":25491,"retweet_count":7127,"reply_count":2016,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-10T02:34:25.395Z","media_urls":[],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116693025089379568","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-05T15:00:00.460Z"}},{"id":"116692873830981873","text":"$21","created_at":"2026-06-04T16:52:26.919Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":11536,"retweet_count":2916,"reply_count":569,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-10T01:49:25.300Z","media_urls":[],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116692873830981873","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-05T15:00:00.460Z"}},{"id":"2062552171502330188","text":"$$RDDT was driving me insane.\n> massive earnings beat\n> just printing FCF since they’re too profitable\n> 69% Y/Y revenue growth.\n> biggest moat against AI vibe coding from network effect\n> 91.5% gross margin.\nWas just flat for months. Glad to see it getting more attention.\nSerenity: $RDDT is getting ridiculous.\nLooks completely mispriced. Now down 40% over the past few months.\nIf you strip out carry-forward losses, their net profit is ~28% of revenue, which is absolutely enormous.\nAnd they’re growing forward revenues 50%+ Y/Y after 70%+ Y/Y growth.\nIf","created_at":"2026-06-04T15:08:52.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-07T10:28:34.218Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJ-oRAya8AAJ-YH?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HDPN0iHaUAEo8i1?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"2062552171502330188","sentiment":"bullish","sentiment_score":0.85,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":true,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-05T15:00:00.460Z"}},{"id":"116692428120649540","text":"FoxNews should get rid of sloppy RINO Karl Rove. He’s called ME and MAGA wrong for 11 years now, and he still doesn’t get it, and he never will, because he suffers from a completely inoperable, and totally dysfunctional, case of Trump Derangement Syndrome. Put Karl Rove out to pasture, NOW. He is a LOSER, and he always will be! Thank you for your attention to this matter! President DJT","created_at":"2026-06-04T14:59:05.884Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":18774,"retweet_count":4708,"reply_count":1972,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-10T01:19:25.271Z","media_urls":[],"card":null},{"id":"2062520852537917649","text":"Found this news funny about a new Swedish Hedge fund:\nOrigo’s fund has lost substantial money shorting $SIVE.\n“The loss is one of the biggest this year\"\nMany of these Swedish hedge funds are now heavily underwater.\nJust as an accidental byproduct of $SIVE being a core part of the CPO supercycle.\nStarting to make more sense why there’s a lot of false news being published.\nEspecially if they’re facing infinite losses?\nSerenity: Today I learned $SIVE was so actively shorted...\nThat the price going up accidentally might take down hedge funds?\nA hedge fund Colosseum is down -19.8% last month largely due to their short position of Sivers.\nThey now face infinite losses as CPO ramps up parabolically over","created_at":"2026-06-04T13:04:25.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-07T10:28:34.218Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJ-Lx9aacAAXUOk?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HIC-p6Lb0AA8waJ?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"2062520852537917649","sentiment":"bullish","sentiment_score":0.7,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-04T15:00:00.249Z"}},{"id":"116691542670526572","text":"Yesterday, in a meaningless vote, the House voted, 4 bad Republicans and all of the Dumocrats, to limit my War Powers, right in the middle of my final negotiations to end the War with the Islamic Republic of Iran. Who would do such an unpatriotic thing. They know where the negotiations stand. The Democrats are fueled by Trump Derangement Syndrome. They would rather have our Country fail than give me another, of many, victories. The four Republicans, that’s a whole other story - They’re GRANDSTANDERS! They should be ashamed of themselves. MAGA!!! President DJT","created_at":"2026-06-04T11:13:54.987Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":45448,"retweet_count":11604,"reply_count":8177,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-10T01:19:25.271Z","media_urls":[],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116691542670526572","sentiment":"bearish","sentiment_score":-0.4,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-04T15:00:00.249Z"}},{"id":"2062465797558292937","text":"This timeline keeps getting more and more unreal…\n$NVDA Jensen Huang to meet Faker (League of Legends)\nI did talk with Jensen few years back about PUBG and GPU shortages for mining.\nAnd he was enthusiastic about ideas for cross-platform gaming + getting enough allocation to gamers.\nFast forward to now, feels like Nvidia kinda ignored gamers… for AI, which is understandable.\nSo this is a nice symbolic message for a return to Nvidia’s roots.","created_at":"2026-06-04T09:25:39.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-07T01:58:33.587Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJ9ZtLRacAA01n4?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"2062465797558292937","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0.1,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-04T15:00:00.249Z"}},{"id":"2062452880980975633","text":"LOL. I’m honestly laughing there’s new media articles for each one of my X posts.\nI appreciate any objective coverage though since it helps combat a lot of the disinformation online.\nAm I that popular now?\nSerenity: $SIVE looks like both a chokepoint and a bottleneck for CPO next year.\nKeep seeing information published from nontechnical people who miss any nuances.\nHere’s the reason why:\n1. CW lasers are bottlenecked signaled by $LITE earnings.\nLaser fabs are heavily allocated to EML","created_at":"2026-06-04T08:34:20.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-07T01:28:33.568Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJ9N9jrakAAXSuc?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJ9N9jybEAAENlo?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"2062452880980975633","sentiment":"bullish","sentiment_score":0.6,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-04T15:00:00.249Z"}},{"id":"2062433114933334487","text":"$22","created_at":"2026-06-04T07:15:47.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-06T12:13:32.443Z","media_urls":[],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"2062433114933334487","sentiment":"bullish","sentiment_score":0.8,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":true,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-04T15:00:00.249Z"}},{"id":"116690199079354750","text":"","created_at":"2026-06-04T05:32:13.478Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":15791,"retweet_count":3651,"reply_count":1011,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-10T01:19:25.271Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/690/197/235/856/407/original/af8d63a3961ce106.jpg"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116690199079354750","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-04T15:00:00.249Z"}},{"id":"116690093479247202","text":"There’s BIG cheating by the Dumocrats in California. Votes are all tied up. May not be in for weeks. Under investigation by the U.S. Attorney’s Office in Los Angeles. Why the vote counting DELAY??? President DJT","created_at":"2026-06-04T05:05:22.083Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":28298,"retweet_count":8195,"reply_count":3284,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-10T00:19:25.196Z","media_urls":[],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116690093479247202","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-04T15:00:00.249Z"}},{"id":"116690027934241490","text":"The Dumocrats are at it again! They are trying to STEAL THE GOVERNOR OF CALIFORNIA PRIMARY, AND THE MAYOR OF LOS ANGELES, PRIMARY, AWAY FROM TWO GREAT REPUBLICAN CANDIDATES. Here we go with the very late and massive numbers of MAIL IN BALLOTS","created_at":"2026-06-04T04:48:41.942Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":26358,"retweet_count":7632,"reply_count":2305,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-10T00:19:25.196Z","media_urls":[],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116690027934241490","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-04T15:00:00.249Z"}},{"id":"116689988455457833","text":"If you add the largest Tax and Regulation Cuts in U.S. History, $5000 to $10,000 per family, coupled with falling prices across the board from the Sleepy Joe Biden years, “TRUMP” & THE REPUBLICANS WIN THE AFFORDABILITY WARS by record numbers!","created_at":"2026-06-04T04:38:39.544Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":19733,"retweet_count":4455,"reply_count":1357,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-10T00:19:25.196Z","media_urls":[],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116689988455457833","sentiment":"bullish","sentiment_score":0.3,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-04T15:00:00.249Z"}},{"id":"2062390116820365350","text":"I now am the #1 most subscribed to account on the entire X platform!\nAfter overtaking Elon Musk today.\nThank you everyone for helping me achieve my goal.\nJbam: @aleabitoreddit @madridraptor congrats on becoming #1 most subscribed X account!","created_at":"2026-06-04T04:24:55.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-04T04:28:28.385Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJ8U4Iea4AAt93D?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJ8U4IgbgAAmNbI?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"2062390116820365350","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-04T15:00:00.249Z"}},{"id":"2062378784855368077","text":"Yeah… I think all your upstream semi supply chain companies are going much higher.\nGoldman now expects a combined $5.3 trillion of capex spending for the four largest hyperscalers $GOOGL / $META / MSFT / $AMZN from 2025 to 2030.\nRevised up from $4.5T from Q1 earnings.\n“Aggregate capex est. $7.6 trillion between 2026 and 2031.”\nAnd it flows upward to these tiny chokepoints like $SIVE for CPO lasers/ $SOI for Silicon Photonics substrates. Leaderdrive/Harmonic for Humanoids components.\nAnd so on…\nAi names don’t move in a straight line up,\nbut is just the beginning of the next Industrial Revolution as we move from  R&D/compute buildout into commercialization from Agents -> Physical AI -> discovery.","created_at":"2026-06-04T03:39:54.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-06T08:28:32.191Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJ8KkOQaAAAVVB4?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"2062378784855368077","sentiment":"bullish","sentiment_score":0.9,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-04T15:00:00.249Z"}},{"id":"2062353660928278820","text":"Well, looks like it’s that time of the year again for $COIN, $HOOD, $CRCL and co.\nSo much for a “friendly administration” and “strategic reserve” if they’re trying to ram through Bank Lobbied Clarity Act bills…\nTo ban any form of innovation or competition against banks, with things like yields.\nAnd nuking liquidity as they go (but strengthens the USD)\nValuations do seem compelling again if you’re swing trading.","created_at":"2026-06-04T02:00:04.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-06T04:28:31.883Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJ7zuIhaEAAWoXk?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJ7zuIjbEAAdeL8?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"2062353660928278820","sentiment":"bearish","sentiment_score":-0.5,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-04T15:00:00.249Z"}},{"id":"2062322546809381094","text":"$23","created_at":"2026-06-03T23:56:25.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-06T01:43:31.713Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJ7Xa8yawAAAHgy?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJ7Xa8ybkAA-pUk?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJ7Xa8yacAAjAg9?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"2062322546809381094","sentiment":"mixed","sentiment_score":0.1,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-04T15:00:00.249Z"}},{"id":"116687849946543138","text":"I’ll be going to the G7, in France, immediately following what will be one of the Most Entertaining Nights in American History, the UFC World Championship Fights on the South Lawn of the White House. Records indicate that whilst fights of a much lower level took place at the White House throughout its long and storied History, nothing even close to this, the Greatest Fighters in the World, CHAMPIONS ALL, was even thought of for the People’s House! President DONALD J. TRUMP","created_at":"2026-06-03T19:34:48.491Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":27081,"retweet_count":5716,"reply_count":3016,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-10T00:19:25.196Z","media_urls":[],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116687849946543138","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-04T15:00:00.249Z"}},{"id":"116687801575068178","text":"Has anyone ever seen a Happy Communist? President DJT","created_at":"2026-06-03T19:22:30.396Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":25787,"retweet_count":5544,"reply_count":3015,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-10T00:19:25.196Z","media_urls":[],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116687801575068178","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-04T15:00:00.249Z"}},{"id":"116687799508711738","text":"Communists always do well with the Voters or, as they would say, THE PEOPLE, in the Early Years! But, in the end, the Country, State, or City, GOES TO HELL! Great Violence proceeds at levels never seen before, and the entity dissolves into Poverty, Squalor, and Crime. Remember, breathtaking “Popularity” first, and then, guaranteed DEATH AND DESTRUCTION! President DONALD J. TRUMP","created_at":"2026-06-03T19:21:58.870Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":47425,"retweet_count":11621,"reply_count":4426,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-10T00:19:25.196Z","media_urls":[],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116687799508711738","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-04T15:00:00.249Z"}},{"id":"116687773527346204","text":"Congratulations to Steve Hilton on coming in first, last night, in the California Vote for Governor. If Californians are smart, which I know they are, they will put Steve into the Governor’s Mansion, and watch their State get better at a rate that has probably never been seen before. I know Steve — He is a hard driving WINNER, and he will turn California around, quickly — and the Federal Government will be there, with him, to help! President DONALD J. TRUMP","created_at":"2026-06-03T19:15:22.426Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":27699,"retweet_count":6261,"reply_count":1182,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-10T00:19:25.196Z","media_urls":[],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116687773527346204","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-04T15:00:00.249Z"}},{"id":"116687762927075610","text":"Excitingly, the final coat of protection will be completed on the Reflecting Pool that sits between The Washington Monument and The Lincoln Memorial, at 4 P.M., today. The water will start flowing, shortly thereafter. The walking paths outside of the Pool will, likewise, be cleaned, sandblasted, and finished soon. This will be the first time since the day it was built, 1922, that it has worked, and worked wonderfully, indeed! President DONALD J. TRUMP","created_at":"2026-06-03T19:12:40.677Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":24054,"retweet_count":5108,"reply_count":1144,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-10T00:19:25.196Z","media_urls":[],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116687762927075610","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-04T15:00:00.249Z"}},{"id":"116687722751127095","text":"Vice President JD Vance and Republicans are doing a great job hunting down Fraud in the various States. Billions of Dollars is being found, and we’ve just started! If we found it all, we would literally be able to balance the Budget, and simultaneously reduce Taxes, cutting them even more than I have already done, which is a RECORD! Amazingly, Dumocrats are fighting us all the way. This is something that I am surprised at, because I thought this would be a Bipartisan effort. It’s looking like they’re in on the act. The Dumocrats don’t want us to find Hundreds of Billions of Dollars of FRAUD! This goes down, along with Men playing in Women’s Sports, the Transgender Mutilization of our Children, Mail In Ballots, No Voter Identification, and No Proof of Citizenship, in the scale of ridiculousness. President DONALD J. TRUMP","created_at":"2026-06-03T19:02:27.639Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":23428,"retweet_count":5871,"reply_count":1380,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-10T00:19:25.196Z","media_urls":[],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116687722751127095","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-04T15:00:00.249Z"}},{"id":"2062176094162428410","text":"$24","created_at":"2026-06-03T14:14:28.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-05T23:58:31.557Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJ5Frx9aUAA9ua0?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJ5F-yVasAAe8lM?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJ5O3PQbQAAykXs?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJ5PBszaYAAO6Mm?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"2062176094162428410","sentiment":"bullish","sentiment_score":0.8,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-03T16:29:04.510Z"}},{"id":"2062139870613745890","text":"The difference between NASDAQ and EU listing:\n$POET: $2.4B MC\n-> Packages Sivers lasers\n-> One $50m pre-production contract for warrants\n> $XFAB: $1.7B MC\n->SiC/GaN/MEMS/Silicon Photonics Foundry backed with EU CHIPS ACT, US CHIPS ACT PMT\n-> Below replacement P/B value\n-> $NVDA, $NOK direct eval of their pre-commercial SiPH foundry, volume ramping 2027/2028\n-> $XFAB leading high-volume scaling of Europe's photonic supply chains as the foundry, with IMEC/CEA-Leti, Ligentec, Smart photonics, PHIX Photonics, Luceda Photonics, and Europe's photonic players under it.\n-> Leading customers like $NVTS, $POWI, Lite-On\n-> US from Dpt. of Commerce: \"the only high-volume SiC foundry in the U.S.\"","created_at":"2026-06-03T11:50:32.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-05T15:13:30.803Z","media_urls":[],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"2062139870613745890","sentiment":"bullish","sentiment_score":0.7,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":true,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-03T16:29:04.510Z"}},{"id":"2062127364482720087","text":"Wow, only 1K more subscribers until I  overtake Elon Musk!\nRight now I’m at 46K. Elon is at 47K.\nThen I’ll hold the crown of the #1 most subscribed to person on the entire X platform?\nWhat a fun timeline.","created_at":"2026-06-03T11:00:50.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-05T14:13:30.748Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJ4l6FFbUAAUw-w?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJ4l6FBakAAizT9?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"2062127364482720087","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-03T16:29:04.510Z"}},{"id":"2062116398210703462","text":"Fun to see my highest conviction Neocloud pick in $NBIS age well.\nI wrote a thesis last year on the Neocloud sector becoming a major theme.\nAnd then picked the King.\n-> Nebius is #1 out of the entire sector from $IREN to $CRWV.\n$84 -> $260.\nThesis validated by markets.\nSerenity: Nebius [ $NBIS ] at $86.69 is the purest Neocloud and AI-infra asymmetry left.\nThis is the highest revenue Neocloud untouched by $CIFR | $WULF and colo providers that has no:\n- Plaguing uncertainty that $IREN, $ORCL face from  full-stack execution.\n- High interest debt that","created_at":"2026-06-03T10:17:16.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-05T11:28:30.643Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJ4b7taaIAA66SY?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/G5-CCwJbkAAg9s_?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"2062116398210703462","sentiment":"bullish","sentiment_score":0.7,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-03T16:29:04.510Z"}},{"id":"2062079425475473595","text":"$25","created_at":"2026-06-03T07:50:21.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-05T08:58:30.407Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJ35-cUbUAAe0XH?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJ35-9EbkAApUfp?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJ36ASBaMAAgEKJ?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"2062079425475473595","sentiment":"bullish","sentiment_score":0.85,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-03T16:29:04.510Z"}},{"id":"2062064540075123050","text":"Wow… new extremely transformative news got released today.\nMaking a certain photonics company:\nThe effective upstream laser chokepoint for $NVDA NVLink fusion CPO ecosystem.\nWith their lasers now in Nvidia’s optical infrastructure supply chains.\nCan anyone guess the name?","created_at":"2026-06-03T06:51:12.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-05T02:28:29.879Z","media_urls":[],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"2062064540075123050","sentiment":"bullish","sentiment_score":0.6,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-03T16:29:04.510Z"}},{"id":"2062045895500419101","text":"Europe is releasing its Tech Sovereignty Package, today June 3rd.\nThis includes, CHIPS ACT 2.0, which is expected to prioritize photonics.\nBoth $XFAB and $SIVE are highlighted in the Industry Policy Blueprints, which guides EU legislation.\nThis proposes sovereign backing with €30–500 million financing facilities per company and revenue demand incentivizes.\nTo bridge early European companies to volume production.\nI personally expect my two thesis ideas to be large beneficiaries:\n- $XFAB, given they're leading Europe's SiPH value chain, with Nokia and Nvidia evaluating them for photonics HVM.\n- and $SIVE as Europe's leader for lasers in AI datacenters, scaling lasers to mass production in 2027.\nMore details will be announced today, but this is a structural tailwind to photonics critical to Western and especially EU supply chains.","created_at":"2026-06-03T05:37:07.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-05T02:28:29.879Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJ3ZJhgbUAAX3Ez?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"2062045895500419101","sentiment":"bullish","sentiment_score":0.8,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-03T16:29:04.510Z"}},{"id":"116684114421950130","text":"","created_at":"2026-06-03T03:44:48.975Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":26283,"retweet_count":5202,"reply_count":3628,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-09T22:04:25.004Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/684/114/203/726/883/original/b995260238cc54b0.jpg"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116684114421950130","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-03T16:29:04.510Z"}},{"id":"116684113664648014","text":"","created_at":"2026-06-03T03:44:37.418Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":25641,"retweet_count":4685,"reply_count":1122,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-09T21:49:24.945Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/684/113/453/159/329/original/272c9a6f016a46eb.jpg"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116684113664648014","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-03T16:29:04.510Z"}},{"id":"116684113072949120","text":"","created_at":"2026-06-03T03:44:28.391Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":21367,"retweet_count":3862,"reply_count":1148,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-09T21:49:24.945Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/684/112/841/584/413/original/fc233e0ae3e8bbce.jpg"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116684113072949120","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-03T16:29:04.510Z"}},{"id":"116683962256170060","text":"","created_at":"2026-06-03T03:06:07.138Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":13669,"retweet_count":3122,"reply_count":556,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-09T16:34:24.705Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/683/961/269/780/295/original/a3123a07ecfbba58.jpg","https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/683/961/271/427/635/original/97635e3fa52c92aa.jpg"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116683962256170060","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-03T16:29:04.510Z"}},{"id":"116683918342984217","text":"EPA boss made criminal referrals alleging Democrats ‘self-dealing’ in lucrative green energy grants: https://justthenews.com/accountability/waste-fraud-and-abuse/epa-boss-made-criminal-referrals-alleging-democrat-self","created_at":"2026-06-03T02:54:57.017Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":20497,"retweet_count":5608,"reply_count":928,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-09T06:04:23.889Z","media_urls":[],"card":{"url":"https://justthenews.com/accountability/waste-fraud-and-abuse/epa-boss-made-criminal-referrals-alleging-democrat-self","title":"EPA boss made criminal referrals alleging Democrats ‘self-dealing’ of lucrative green energy grants","description":"Lee Zeldin alleges that eight nonprofit \"cutouts\" were used to route billions to former Obama-Biden cronies.","image":"https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/cache/preview_cards/images/072/393/092/original/7328cd1f06c2ae8f.jpg","provider":"justthenews.com"},"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116683918342984217","sentiment":"bearish","sentiment_score":-0.2,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-03T16:29:04.510Z"}},{"id":"116683914784085683","text":"Supreme Court clears Alabama to use GOP-friendly congressional map this fall: https://justthenews.com/politics-policy/elections/supreme-court-clears-alabama-use-gop-friendly-congressional-map-fall","created_at":"2026-06-03T02:54:02.714Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":20997,"retweet_count":4501,"reply_count":442,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-09T06:04:23.889Z","media_urls":[],"card":{"url":"https://justthenews.com/politics-policy/elections/supreme-court-clears-alabama-use-gop-friendly-congressional-map-fall","title":"Supreme Court clears Alabama to use GOP-friendly congressional map this fall","description":"The justices overturned a lower court ruling that the redistricting plan approved by the Legislature intentionally discriminates against black voters.","image":"https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/cache/preview_cards/images/072/433/593/original/a9924ab1c8f6321c.jpg","provider":"justthenews.com"},"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116683914784085683","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-03T16:29:04.510Z"}},{"id":"116683877370609119","text":"","created_at":"2026-06-03T02:44:31.858Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":17690,"retweet_count":2957,"reply_count":341,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-09T00:43:36.963Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/683/877/086/718/758/original/f3e214365e58a4aa.jpg"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116683877370609119","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-03T16:29:04.510Z"}},{"id":"116683876508476653","text":"","created_at":"2026-06-03T02:44:18.703Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":17091,"retweet_count":2833,"reply_count":174,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-08T22:58:36.844Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/683/876/200/650/378/original/f585adf98944a067.jpg"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116683876508476653","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-03T16:29:04.510Z"}},{"id":"116683875902512231","text":"","created_at":"2026-06-03T02:44:09.456Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":16629,"retweet_count":2761,"reply_count":150,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-08T22:58:36.844Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/683/875/569/367/331/original/25217c4b528eb3ef.jpg"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116683875902512231","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-03T16:29:04.510Z"}},{"id":"116683875350368289","text":"","created_at":"2026-06-03T02:44:01.031Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":16265,"retweet_count":2696,"reply_count":137,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-08T22:58:36.844Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/683/874/922/402/357/original/06e052dcb0239a94.jpg"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116683875350368289","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-03T16:29:04.510Z"}},{"id":"116683874638445112","text":"","created_at":"2026-06-03T02:43:50.170Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":15916,"retweet_count":2621,"reply_count":126,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-08T21:13:36.770Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/683/874/297/506/894/original/9a7bc7892fbdcc95.jpg"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116683874638445112","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-03T16:29:04.510Z"}},{"id":"116683873843927336","text":"","created_at":"2026-06-03T02:43:38.046Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":15706,"retweet_count":2585,"reply_count":123,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-08T20:28:36.737Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/683/873/509/389/233/original/cb0bbc8551a11099.jpg"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116683873843927336","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-03T16:29:04.510Z"}},{"id":"2062001786492523005","text":"Is majority of the next generation stuck in the permanent underclass?\n> Missed out on gaining control of AI through ownership of infra/compute today\n> Majority of jobs getting replaced by AI\n> Housing more expensive\n> Inflation makes cost of living go brrr.\nGg?","created_at":"2026-06-03T02:41:50.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-05T00:43:29.753Z","media_urls":[],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"2062001786492523005","sentiment":"bearish","sentiment_score":-0.4,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-03T16:29:04.510Z"}},{"id":"116683583514508103","text":"","created_at":"2026-06-03T01:29:47.971Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":16838,"retweet_count":2854,"reply_count":311,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-08T18:13:36.632Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/683/583/202/674/173/original/13034fca91f077ba.jpg"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116683583514508103","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-03T16:29:04.510Z"}},{"id":"116683582815618514","text":"","created_at":"2026-06-03T01:29:37.307Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":16313,"retweet_count":2746,"reply_count":226,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-08T17:13:36.548Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/683/582/482/643/853/original/6551bdcc04fd7330.jpg"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116683582815618514","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-03T16:29:04.510Z"}},{"id":"116683582085637115","text":"","created_at":"2026-06-03T01:29:26.167Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":16085,"retweet_count":2693,"reply_count":138,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-08T17:13:36.548Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/683/581/755/677/457/original/baf41874b848c8d1.jpg"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116683582085637115","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-03T16:29:04.510Z"}},{"id":"116683581464254333","text":"","created_at":"2026-06-03T01:29:16.686Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":15936,"retweet_count":2675,"reply_count":136,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-08T17:13:36.548Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/683/581/104/845/999/original/df20aae298bc24c1.jpg"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116683581464254333","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-03T16:29:04.510Z"}},{"id":"116683580768849577","text":"","created_at":"2026-06-03T01:29:06.076Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":16199,"retweet_count":2698,"reply_count":155,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-08T17:13:36.548Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/683/580/470/750/433/original/bf62670f738fdf07.jpg"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116683580768849577","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-03T16:29:04.510Z"}},{"id":"2061980916323598838","text":"There we go.\nMy CPO longs in Taiwan are finally starting to take off today.\nShunsin +10%\nFoci +10%\nXintec +10%\nJust waiting on Win Semi, Msscorp, and Nextronics to catch up.","created_at":"2026-06-03T01:18:54.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-04T23:58:29.698Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJ2gtngbMAAczQM?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJ2gtniawAAAsIP?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"2061980916323598838","sentiment":"bullish","sentiment_score":0.7,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-03T16:29:04.510Z"}},{"id":"116683400326307426","text":"$26","created_at":"2026-06-03T00:43:12.710Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":15487,"retweet_count":3152,"reply_count":410,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-08T17:13:36.548Z","media_urls":[],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116683400326307426","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-03T16:29:04.510Z"}},{"id":"116683385134135304","text":"$27","created_at":"2026-06-03T00:39:20.897Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":17202,"retweet_count":3769,"reply_count":509,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-08T17:13:36.548Z","media_urls":[],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116683385134135304","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0.1,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-03T16:29:04.510Z"}},{"id":"116683268398932119","text":"","created_at":"2026-06-03T00:09:39.689Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":15559,"retweet_count":2796,"reply_count":307,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-08T17:13:36.548Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/683/268/082/754/210/original/9b25be0133e93d3f.jpg"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116683268398932119","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-03T16:29:04.510Z"}},{"id":"116683263969861999","text":"","created_at":"2026-06-03T00:08:32.107Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":15207,"retweet_count":2675,"reply_count":176,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-08T17:13:36.548Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/683/263/692/719/426/original/ffab1347c0322b31.jpg"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116683263969861999","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-03T16:29:04.510Z"}},{"id":"116683263212441795","text":"","created_at":"2026-06-03T00:08:20.548Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":15518,"retweet_count":2767,"reply_count":208,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-08T17:13:36.548Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/683/262/907/187/278/original/f46c6cce89938ec9.jpg"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116683263212441795","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-03T16:29:04.510Z"}},{"id":"2061958857132585076","text":"Good times with $AEHR, it’s now ~$3.5B MC.\nHaven’t mentioned it as much since there’s nothing too new.\nJust waiting on volume orders for these types of players like $LPK, and others.\nSerenity: $AEHR looks extremely promising at ~$1.1B MC.\nAehr is starting to remind me of an early $TER, mixed with pre-earnings $AAOI.\nIf we look at the timeline and speculated customers:\nFeb 11th: Sonoma production win for Hyperscaler's AI ASIC processors. (likely $GOOGL, $AMZN,","created_at":"2026-06-02T23:51:15.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-04T14:58:29.063Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJ2MpgAbsAAEoGN?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HE1dRGGaoAAB7pZ?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"2061958857132585076","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0.2,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-03T16:29:04.510Z"}},{"id":"116682597679775684","text":"We cannot allow this to happen to the Great State of Texas! President DONALD J. TRUMP","created_at":"2026-06-02T21:19:05.326Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":21604,"retweet_count":5555,"reply_count":1989,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-08T17:13:36.548Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/682/597/110/792/616/original/758492c14d7abcb2.jpg"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116682597679775684","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-03T16:29:04.510Z"}},{"id":"2061914361120362678","text":"Okay yeah should have trusted Jensen more on $MRVL after what he did with $NBIS.\nHe actually gave a $1T price target this time with Marvell.\nMarvell up 35% with one remark…\nSerenity: $NVDA Jensen Huang:\n“ $MRVL the next $1T company ladies and gentlemen “.\nMarvell is currently trading at $191B.\nI have positions in Marvell… but how much faith do we have in Jensen for the 5x?","created_at":"2026-06-02T20:54:26.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-04T09:13:28.691Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJ1kLmYbEAAz8eH?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJyHmGfbQAAEdCH?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJyHmGcacAAj_H2?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"2061914361120362678","sentiment":"bullish","sentiment_score":0.9,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-03T16:29:04.510Z"}},{"id":"116681895869016849","text":"$28","created_at":"2026-06-02T18:20:36.511Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":28087,"retweet_count":8044,"reply_count":3076,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-08T17:13:36.548Z","media_urls":[],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116681895869016849","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":-0.1,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-03T16:29:04.510Z"}},{"id":"116681890532843712","text":"The Truth the Media Won't Tell You About the Anti-Weaponization Fund: https://patriotfreedomproject.substack.com/p/anti-weaponization-fund-the-games-have-already-started","created_at":"2026-06-02T18:19:15.090Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":14357,"retweet_count":4192,"reply_count":705,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-08T17:13:36.548Z","media_urls":[],"card":{"url":"https://patriotfreedomproject.substack.com/p/anti-weaponization-fund-the-games-have-already-started","title":"The Truth the Media Won't Tell You About the Anti-Weaponization Fund","description":"Before a single claim has been filed, they're already playing games.","image":"https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/cache/preview_cards/images/072/164/088/original/63345d0ade3ae3fb.jpg","provider":"patriotfreedomproject.substack.com"},"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116681890532843712","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-03T16:29:04.510Z"}},{"id":"116681778563640531","text":"In a sign of Strength and Fortitude, it was just announced that The White House Correspondents’ Dinner, which violently ended rather abruptly on April 25th, will be rescheduled to July 24th. This announcement is a very good thing in that we cannot allow Lunatics to change our way of life, or even its scheduling. I was asked to be there, and speak, by Weijia Jiang, President of The White House Correspondents’ Association, and have accepted. I don’t know whether or not I will give the same rather nasty statements, at least as it concerns certain people, but we will soon find out. In any event, it will be a “HOT” ticket! Interestingly, the location will be The Waldorf Astoria, on Pennsylvania Avenue, a Building and Ballroom that I built. President DONALD J. TRUMP","created_at":"2026-06-02T17:50:46.574Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":37336,"retweet_count":7588,"reply_count":2025,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-08T17:13:36.548Z","media_urls":[],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116681778563640531","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-03T16:29:04.510Z"}},{"id":"116681714468139916","text":"It was very nice having Flávio Bolsonaro in the Oval Office of the White House — A smart young man who loves his Country, Brazil, very much! President DONALD J. TRUMP","created_at":"2026-06-02T17:34:28.616Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":18149,"retweet_count":4052,"reply_count":709,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-08T16:58:36.535Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/681/710/870/366/804/original/1ae345bf4aaa8d68.jpg","https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/681/710/870/545/444/original/a86df75a16df0624.jpg"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116681714468139916","sentiment":"neutral","sentiment_score":0,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-03T16:29:04.510Z"}},{"id":"116681581361115247","text":"Fake News Reports that the Islamic Republic of Iran, and the U.S.A., stopped speaking a few days ago are false and erroneous. The conversations between us have been going on continuously, including four days ago, three days ago, two days ago, one day ago, and today. Where they lead, one never knows, but as I told Iran, “It’s time, one way or another, for you to make a Deal. You’ve been doing this for 47 years, and it cannot be allowed to go on any longer!” President DONALD J. TRUMP","created_at":"2026-06-02T17:00:37.504Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":21144,"retweet_count":5329,"reply_count":2128,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-08T16:58:36.535Z","media_urls":[],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"116681581361115247","sentiment":"mixed","sentiment_score":0.1,"sentiment_reasoning":"Scored in the Morning Wire batch brief.","tickers":[],"signals":[],"key_themes":[],"domains":[],"risk_level":"none","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"","image_insights":null,"analyzed_at":"2026-06-03T16:29:04.510Z"}},{"id":"2061815015892791408","text":"$$LITE rode the first optical wave from $3B to $75B in 2 years time with EML and pluggables.\nMy thesis is $SIVE can do the same from $3B, with CPO/Pluggables and CW.\nSivers + GFS SiPH reference laser news, alongside the +54% increase today.\nIs just one step of the way.","created_at":"2026-06-02T14:19:41.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-04T08:28:28.616Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJ0J03baoAAU29c?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null},{"id":"2061799291681956348","text":"Tbh $XFAB lowkey reminds me of early $TSEM.\nJust sub <$2B MC.\nYou basically never find a company with $NVDA and $NOK actively validating your pre-commercial silicon photonics foundry… (photonixFAB)\nWhile getting CHIPS act/Gov grants to subsidize capex.\nWhile leading the Europe’s effort to build a photonics supply chain.\nFeels like that alone would justify valuations… but you get the power semi SiC/GaN operations for free too and all its assets.\nCHIPS act 2 is coming out tomorrow, and $XFAB is listed in the photonics blueprints.\nDid I miss something?\nOr did markets miss something?","created_at":"2026-06-02T13:17:12.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-04T07:13:28.539Z","media_urls":[],"card":null},{"id":"116680659724813616","text":"I am appointing the Director of the Federal Housing Finance Agency, and Chairman of Fannie Mae/Freddie Mac, William J. Pulte, to serve as Acting Director of National Intelligence. William has deep experience managing the most sensitive matters in America, the safety and soundness of the Markets, and over 10 Trillion Dollars at Fannie Mae/Freddie Mac, a substantial increase from where it was just 12 months ago. During this period, he will remain Director of the Federal Housing Finance Agency, and Chairman of Fannie Mae/Freddie Mac. Congratulations to Director Pulte! President DONALD J. TRUMP","created_at":"2026-06-02T13:06:14.449Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":28517,"retweet_count":6306,"reply_count":2150,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-08T16:58:36.535Z","media_urls":[],"card":null},{"id":"116680557948272372","text":"CALIFORNIA: Vote today for Steve Hilton for Governor. He will work with me and the Federal Government, the money will flow because I have confidence in him (but not any of the others!), and we will MAKE CALIFORNIA GREAT AGAIN. Steve Hilton will NEVER let you down. VOTE NOW!","created_at":"2026-06-02T12:40:21.427Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":38631,"retweet_count":9618,"reply_count":2500,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-08T16:13:36.387Z","media_urls":[],"card":null},{"id":"116680527571740743","text":"Great job by highly decorated Navy Seal Officer, Mike Sarraille, on Jesse Watters. Mike has seen it all, and really gets it. A “tough cookie.” President DJT","created_at":"2026-06-02T12:32:37.919Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":18579,"retweet_count":3660,"reply_count":361,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-08T10:28:36.136Z","media_urls":[],"card":null},{"id":"116680241453133224","text":"Today is Judge Jeanine Pirro’s Birthday. She is the U.S. Attorney for the District of Columbia, and has done a fantastic job — Respected by everyone, even the Radical Left Lunatics. Thank you Jeanine, and HAPPY BIRTHDAY! President DONALD J. TRUMP","created_at":"2026-06-02T11:19:52.131Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":28684,"retweet_count":5818,"reply_count":1965,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-08T10:13:36.108Z","media_urls":[],"card":null},{"id":"2061718299139100931","text":"DID YOU LISTEN ANON?\nReuters: New Sivers x GFS strategic collaboration.\n$SIVE has now announced its lasers will be integrated into reference designs built on Globalfoundries Silicon Photonics Platform.\nFor pluggable optical transcivers, CPO, and SiPH.\nThis is fundamentally the most groundbreaking news for Sivers in history.\nAs Broadcom, Nvidia, Marvell, AMD, and anyone who goes through GFS silicon photonics has Sivers embedded as a default laser route.\nI personally think this news alone should easily 2x or 3x Sivers market cap over the medium term, given how fundamental this is to their revenue.\nTo have Sivers be the standard laser route for the many hyperscalers that use the world's leading photonics foundry.\nSerenity: The most consequential event of an entire company’s history.\nGot released today with a photonics player.\nMaking them the functional standard laser for CPO, Pluggables, and SiPH.\nFor companies like $NVDA, $AVGO, $AMD, to $MRVL using the foundry.\nDoes anyone know the name?","created_at":"2026-06-02T07:55:22.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-04T04:13:28.352Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJywnoibAAAw3Z-?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null},{"id":"2061704502076747781","text":"The most consequential event of an entire company’s history.\nGot released today with a photonics player.\nMaking them the functional standard laser for CPO, Pluggables, and SiPH.\nFor companies like $NVDA, $AVGO, $AMD, to $MRVL using the foundry.\nDoes anyone know the name?","created_at":"2026-06-02T07:00:32.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-04T03:28:28.255Z","media_urls":[],"card":null},{"id":"2061671824388403368","text":"$$NVDA Jensen Huang:\n“ $MRVL the next $1T company ladies and gentlemen “.\nMarvell is currently trading at $191B.\nI have positions in Marvell… but how much faith do we have in Jensen for the 5x?","created_at":"2026-06-02T04:50:41.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-04T01:58:28.133Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJyHmGfbQAAEdCH?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJyHmGcacAAj_H2?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null},{"id":"116678544710349966","text":"$29","created_at":"2026-06-02T04:08:21.851Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":28527,"retweet_count":8038,"reply_count":2481,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-08T09:28:36.022Z","media_urls":[],"card":null},{"id":"116678437693091447","text":"Cuban-American congresswoman calls for Democrats aiding Cuba to be investigated for treason: https://justthenews.com/government/security/cuban-american-congresswoman-calls-democrats-aiding-cuba-be-investigated","created_at":"2026-06-02T03:41:08.900Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":19853,"retweet_count":5099,"reply_count":730,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-08T09:13:35.998Z","media_urls":[],"card":{"url":"https://justthenews.com/government/security/cuban-american-congresswoman-calls-democrats-aiding-cuba-be-investigated","title":"Cuban-American congresswoman calls for Democrats aiding Cuba to be investigated for treason","description":"Rep. Nicole Malliotakis also said she believes it was possible the U.S. military would conduct an operation to capture Raul Castro and extradite him into the United States","image":"https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/cache/preview_cards/images/072/277/500/original/3a481668948a2b95.jpg","provider":"justthenews.com"}},{"id":"116678436482500677","text":"FBI and DOJ concerns on Mar-a-Lago raid bolster Florida-based anti-Trump ‘grand conspiracy’ inquiry: https://justthenews.com/government/courts-law/fbi-and-doj-concerns-mar-lago-raid-bolster-florida-based-anti-trump-grand","created_at":"2026-06-02T03:40:50.429Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":16735,"retweet_count":4191,"reply_count":502,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-08T02:58:35.462Z","media_urls":[],"card":{"url":"https://justthenews.com/government/courts-law/fbi-and-doj-concerns-mar-lago-raid-bolster-florida-based-anti-trump-grand","title":"FBI and DOJ concerns on Mar-a-Lago raid bolster Florida-based anti-Trump ‘grand conspiracy’ inquiry","description":"A southern Florida-based grand jury is plugging away at looking into claims of a grand conspiracy targeting Donald Trump, as new details emerge about the district's centrality to a number of anti-Trump efforts.","image":"https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/cache/preview_cards/images/072/234/447/original/b4657b5c91d9b7f9.jpg","provider":"justthenews.com"}},{"id":"116678435123044195","text":"Dhillon wants judge who allegedly attended a Fani Willis event off Georgia election integrity case: https://justthenews.com/government/courts-law/dhillon-moves-recuse-atlanta-judge-over-alleged-attendance-democratic-event","created_at":"2026-06-02T03:40:29.682Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":17244,"retweet_count":4135,"reply_count":335,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-06T20:13:33.071Z","media_urls":[],"card":{"url":"https://justthenews.com/government/courts-law/dhillon-moves-recuse-atlanta-judge-over-alleged-attendance-democratic-event","title":"Dhillon wants judge who allegedly attended a Fani Willis event off Georgia election integrity case","description":"The judge, whom Dhillon identified as U.S. District Judge Eleanor Ross, allegedly committed judicial misconduct when she attended an event that honored Fulton Count District Attorney Fani Willis.","image":"https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/cache/preview_cards/images/072/270/802/original/e3f118b7b360b2de.jpg","provider":"justthenews.com"}},{"id":"116678327802401627","text":"Cotton over chemicals: How Trump’s USDA is Making America’s Fabric Great Again: https://justthenews.com/government/white-house/cotton-over-chemicals-how-trumps-usda-making-americas-fabric-great-again","created_at":"2026-06-02T03:13:12.099Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":17355,"retweet_count":4165,"reply_count":593,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-06T20:13:33.071Z","media_urls":[],"card":{"url":"https://justthenews.com/government/white-house/cotton-over-chemicals-how-trumps-usda-making-americas-fabric-great-again","title":"Cotton over chemicals: How Trump’s USDA is Making America’s Fabric Great Again","description":"In years past, the U.S. was referred to as \"King Cotton\" for its prodigious output of the fiber wanted by the rest of the world. The \"Plant Not Plastic\" initiative may see a rebirth of that sentiment.","image":"https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/cache/preview_cards/images/072/278/754/original/79996359700a396b.jpg","provider":"justthenews.com"}},{"id":"116678322907103561","text":"Trump scores 30 out of 30 on cognitive assessment, looks 14 years younger than he is: physical: https://justthenews.com/government/white-house/trump-scores-30-out-30-cognitive-assessment-looks-14-years-younger-he","created_at":"2026-06-02T03:11:57.402Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":17600,"retweet_count":3970,"reply_count":1108,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-06T20:13:33.071Z","media_urls":[],"card":{"url":"https://justthenews.com/government/white-house/trump-scores-30-out-30-cognitive-assessment-looks-14-years-younger-he","title":"Trump scores 30 out of 30 on cognitive assessment, looks 14 years younger than he is: physical","description":"\"AI-enhanced\" electrocardiogram shows Trump far younger than his \"chronological\" age, White House physician says. But he's put on 14 pounds in a year and needs to keep losing weight.","image":"https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/cache/preview_cards/images/072/291/777/original/a931f7d4f7a997cd.jpg","provider":"justthenews.com"}},{"id":"116678321217174312","text":"Ex-intel official reported Hunter Biden laptop letter was ‘deception operation,’ DOJ asked to probe: https://justthenews.com/accountability/political-ethics/ex-obama-intel-official-referred-hunter-biden-letter-over-concerns","created_at":"2026-06-02T03:11:31.619Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":14284,"retweet_count":3772,"reply_count":516,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-06T20:13:33.071Z","media_urls":[],"card":{"url":"https://justthenews.com/accountability/political-ethics/ex-obama-intel-official-referred-hunter-biden-letter-over-concerns","title":"Ex-intel official reported Hunter Biden laptop letter was ‘deception operation,’ DOJ asked to probe","description":"Recent complaint came from senior advisor to DNI during the Obama administration.","image":"https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/cache/preview_cards/images/072/352/465/original/ab7075f81ac33e5f.jpg","provider":"justthenews.com"}},{"id":"116678319670541251","text":"EPA boss made criminal referrals alleging Democrats ‘self-dealing’ in lucrative green energy grants: https://justthenews.com/accountability/waste-fraud-and-abuse/epa-boss-made-criminal-referrals-alleging-democrat-self","created_at":"2026-06-02T03:11:08.017Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":14857,"retweet_count":4089,"reply_count":497,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-06T20:13:33.071Z","media_urls":[],"card":{"url":"https://justthenews.com/accountability/waste-fraud-and-abuse/epa-boss-made-criminal-referrals-alleging-democrat-self","title":"EPA boss made criminal referrals alleging Democrats ‘self-dealing’ of lucrative green energy grants","description":"Lee Zeldin alleges that eight nonprofit \"cutouts\" were used to route billions to former Obama-Biden cronies.","image":"https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/cache/preview_cards/images/072/393/092/original/7328cd1f06c2ae8f.jpg","provider":"justthenews.com"}},{"id":"116678223440201502","text":"Congresswoman Ashley Hinson is running for the United States Senate in Iowa, a State I love and WON BIG, THREE TIMES, in 2016, 2020, and 2024.\nI know Ashley well, and she is a WINNER! A Loving Wife and Proud Mother of two sons, Ashley is a wonderful person, has ALWAYS delivered for Iowa, and will continue doing so in the United States Senate. She is working hard to Create Jobs, Cut Taxes, Promote Products and Services MADE IN AMERICA by our incredible Iowa Workers, Support our Great Farmers and American Agriculture, Champion Innovation, Keep our Border SECURE, Stop Migrant Crime, Murderers, and other Criminals from illegally entering our Country, Strengthen our Military/Veterans, and Defend our always under siege Second Amendment.\nAshley Hinson will be an outstanding Senator, and has my Complete and Total Endorsement. Election Day is Tuesday, June 2nd. GET OUT AND VOTE FOR ASHLEY — SHE WILL NEVER LET YOU DOWN!\nFind your Voting Location here: https://swampthevoteusa.com/iowa-make-a-plan-to-vote/","created_at":"2026-06-02T02:46:39.662Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":12303,"retweet_count":2809,"reply_count":281,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-06T17:43:32.865Z","media_urls":[],"card":{"url":"https://swampthevoteusa.com/iowa-make-a-plan-to-vote/","title":"IOWA: MAKE A PLAN TO VOTE","description":"Primary Election Day in Iowa is almost here, and it’s time to make your voice heard. Make a plan to vote!","image":"https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/cache/preview_cards/images/072/390/175/original/17569d6aadbe5b36.png","provider":"swampthevoteusa.com"}},{"id":"116677990580767481","text":"","created_at":"2026-06-02T01:47:26.504Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":12128,"retweet_count":2664,"reply_count":594,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-06T17:43:32.865Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/677/984/498/967/852/original/cfe4f0e6abfdaf39.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"116677968706626771","text":"Marty Jackley has been a tremendous Attorney General of South Dakota, a place I love and WON BIG, six times, including Primaries, in 2016, 2020, and 2024!\nAn America First Patriot, and true friend of MAGA, Marty is now running for Congress, where I know he will continue to do a fantastic job! As your next Congressman, Marty will work tirelessly to Grow the Economy, Cut Taxes and Regulations, Support our Amazing Farmers and Ranchers, Promote MADE IN THE U.S.A., Champion American Energy DOMINANCE, Keep our Border SECURE, Stop Migrant Crime, Strengthen our Military/Veterans, Advance Election Integrity, and Protect our always under siege Second Amendment.\nMarty Jackley has my Complete and Total Endorsement to be the next U.S. Representative from the Great State of South Dakota. GET OUT AND VOTE FOR MARTY — HE WILL NEVER LET YOU DOWN!\nFind your Voting Location here: https://swampthevoteusa.com/south-dakota-/","created_at":"2026-06-02T01:41:52.730Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":11519,"retweet_count":2652,"reply_count":241,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-06T11:58:32.406Z","media_urls":[],"card":{"url":"https://swampthevoteusa.com/south-dakota-/","title":"SOUTH DAKOTA: MAKE A PLAN TO VOTE!","description":"Primary Election Day in South Dakota is almost here, and it’s time to make your voice heard. Make a plan to vote!","image":"https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/cache/preview_cards/images/072/390/351/original/f54357bdcdc6decc.png","provider":"swampthevoteusa.com"}},{"id":"116677966071630284","text":"Senator Mike Rounds is an incredibly strong advocate for the wonderful people of South Dakota, a State I love, and WON BIG, in 2016, 2020, and 2024!\nAn America First Patriot, Mike is fighting tirelessly to Advance the Great Values of the Mount Rushmore State, Champion our Farmers and Ranchers, Strengthen the Economy, Cut Taxes and Regulations, Promote MADE IN THE U.S.A., Ensure American Energy DOMINANCE, Keep our Border SECURE, Support our Brave Military, Veterans, and Law Enforcement, and Protect our always under siege Second Amendment.\nMike Rounds has my Complete and Total Endorsement for Re-Election. Election Day is Tuesday, June 2nd. GET OUT AND VOTE FOR MIKE — HE WILL NEVER LET YOU DOWN!\nFind your Voting Location here: https://swampthevoteusa.com/south-dakota-/","created_at":"2026-06-02T01:41:12.528Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":10406,"retweet_count":2335,"reply_count":219,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-06T11:58:32.406Z","media_urls":[],"card":{"url":"https://swampthevoteusa.com/south-dakota-/","title":"SOUTH DAKOTA: MAKE A PLAN TO VOTE!","description":"Primary Election Day in South Dakota is almost here, and it’s time to make your voice heard. Make a plan to vote!","image":"https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/cache/preview_cards/images/072/390/351/original/f54357bdcdc6decc.png","provider":"swampthevoteusa.com"}},{"id":"2061624122560692587","text":"Just a heads up, I've uncovered a bot farm with dozens of accounts used to spread disinformation about $SIVE in the past few days.\nThis illegal campaign likely stems geographically from Asia.\nAs these accounts were used to do marketing for the same Asian projects like Alchemy Pay. Or bought brand new bought X accounts.\nAll of which have no activity, but have an abrupt shift in timeline to repeating false claims about selling $SIVE positions and telling others to sell.\nWith some getting caught using AI prompts to create a negative reply.\nThis will be passed along to the SEC for investigation given there's certain traceability logs available.\nWhile the regulators investigate, maybe not a good idea follow along false bot farm advice.","created_at":"2026-06-02T01:41:08.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-03T23:43:28.090Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJxbFBiaMAA94s5?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJxbLDObgAARmJm?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJxbQTaa8AAHDEw?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null},{"id":"116677964894339808","text":"$2a","created_at":"2026-06-02T01:40:54.564Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":10630,"retweet_count":2445,"reply_count":154,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-06T01:13:31.659Z","media_urls":[],"card":{"url":"https://swampthevoteusa.com/new-mexico/","title":"NEW MEXICO: MAKE A PLAN TO VOTE!","description":"Primary Election Day in New Mexico is almost here, and it’s time to make your voice heard. Make a plan to vote!","image":"https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/cache/preview_cards/images/072/390/340/original/2f766d613c92992b.png","provider":"swampthevoteusa.com"}},{"id":"116677963449948858","text":"Congressman Tom Kean is a Great Representative for the People of New Jersey’s 7th Congressional District!\nA Tremendous Advocate of our America First Agenda, Tom is working tirelessly to Keep our Border SECURE, Stop Migrant Crime, Grow our Economy, Cut Taxes and Regulations, Champion Small Business, Unleash American Energy DOMINANCE, Support our Brave Military and Veterans, and Protect our always under siege Second Amendment.\nTom Kean has my Complete and Total Endorsement for Re-Election. Election Day is Tuesday, June 2nd. GET OUT AND VOTE FOR TOM — HE WILL NEVER LET YOU DOWN!\nFind your Voting Location here: https://swampthevoteusa.com/new-jersey/","created_at":"2026-06-02T01:40:32.522Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":9808,"retweet_count":2258,"reply_count":190,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-06T00:58:31.635Z","media_urls":[],"card":{"url":"https://swampthevoteusa.com/new-jersey/","title":"NEW JERSEY: MAKE A PLAN TO VOTE!","description":"Primary Election Day in New Jersey is almost here, and it’s time to make your voice heard. Make a plan to vote!","image":"https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/cache/preview_cards/images/061/494/371/original/d498d7e9585b7457.png","provider":"swampthevoteusa.com"}},{"id":"116677962166499298","text":"Congressman Chris Smith is a fantastic Representative for the wonderful people of New Jersey’s 4th Congressional District!\nAs a Senior Member of the House Committee on Foreign Affairs, Chris is fighting tirelessly to advance our America First Agenda. He is working hard to Grow our Economy, Create GREAT Jobs, Promote MADE IN THE U.S.A., Champion American Energy DOMINANCE, Keep our Border SECURE, Strengthen our Military/Veterans, Defend our always under siege Second Amendment, and Ensure PEACE THROUGH STRENGTH.\nChris Smith has my Complete and Total Endorsement for Re-Election. Election Day is Tuesday, June 2nd. GET OUT AND VOTE FOR CHRIS — HE WILL NEVER LET YOU DOWN!\nFind your Voting Location here: https://swampthevoteusa.com/new-jersey/","created_at":"2026-06-02T01:40:12.937Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":9332,"retweet_count":2172,"reply_count":118,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-06T00:13:31.500Z","media_urls":[],"card":{"url":"https://swampthevoteusa.com/new-jersey/","title":"NEW JERSEY: MAKE A PLAN TO VOTE!","description":"Primary Election Day in New Jersey is almost here, and it’s time to make your voice heard. Make a plan to vote!","image":"https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/cache/preview_cards/images/061/494/371/original/d498d7e9585b7457.png","provider":"swampthevoteusa.com"}},{"id":"116677961253223719","text":"Congressman Jeff Van Drew is a “MAGA” Warrior for the incredible people of New Jersey’s 2nd Congressional District!\nAs the Chairman of the House Judiciary Subcommittee on Oversight, Jeff is doing a tremendous job advancing our America First Agenda. He is working tirelessly to Grow our Economy, Cut Taxes and Regulations, Keep our Border SECURE, Stop Migrant Crime, Murderers, and other Criminals from illegally entering our Country, Strengthen our Military/Veterans, Champion American Energy DOMINANCE, and Defend our always under siege Second Amendment.\nJeff Van Drew is a very good friend, fighter, and WINNER, and has my Complete and Total Endorsement for Re-Election. Election Day is Tuesday, June 2nd. GET OUT AND VOTE FOR JEFF — HE WILL NEVER LET YOU DOWN!\nFind your Voting Location here: https://swampthevoteusa.com/new-jersey/","created_at":"2026-06-02T01:39:59.005Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":9410,"retweet_count":2196,"reply_count":118,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-06T00:13:31.500Z","media_urls":[],"card":{"url":"https://swampthevoteusa.com/new-jersey/","title":"NEW JERSEY: MAKE A PLAN TO VOTE!","description":"Primary Election Day in New Jersey is almost here, and it’s time to make your voice heard. Make a plan to vote!","image":"https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/cache/preview_cards/images/061/494/371/original/d498d7e9585b7457.png","provider":"swampthevoteusa.com"}},{"id":"116677959601315306","text":"Congressman Troy Downing is doing a truly fantastic job representing the incredible people of Montana’s 2nd Congressional District!\nTroy bravely served our Great Country in the U.S. Air Force as a Combat Veteran and, in Congress, he is fighting tirelessly to Support our Farmers and Ranchers, Champion American Energy DOMINANCE, Keep our Border SECURE, Strengthen our Military/Veterans, Defend our always under siege Second Amendment, and Ensure PEACE THROUGH STRENGTH.\nTroy Downing has my Complete and Total Endorsement for Re-Election. Election Day is Tuesday, June 2nd. GET OUT AND VOTE FOR TROY — HE WILL NEVER LET YOU DOWN!\nFind your Voting Location here: https://swampthevoteusa.com/montana","created_at":"2026-06-02T01:39:33.799Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":8908,"retweet_count":2033,"reply_count":105,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-05T23:28:31.453Z","media_urls":[],"card":{"url":"https://swampthevoteusa.com/montana","title":"MONTANA: MAKE A PLAN TO VOTE!","description":"Primary Election Day in Montana is almost here, and it’s time to make your voice heard. Make a plan to vote!","image":"https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/cache/preview_cards/images/072/390/300/original/290558a2bbd2251f.png","provider":"swampthevoteusa.com"}},{"id":"116677957643115689","text":"$2b","created_at":"2026-06-02T01:39:03.919Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":8784,"retweet_count":2003,"reply_count":109,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-05T23:28:31.453Z","media_urls":[],"card":{"url":"https://swampthevoteusa.com/montana/","title":"MONTANA: MAKE A PLAN TO VOTE!","description":"Primary Election Day in Montana is almost here, and it’s time to make your voice heard. Make a plan to vote!","image":"https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/cache/preview_cards/images/072/390/266/original/017089b7b2489ca2.png","provider":"swampthevoteusa.com"}},{"id":"116677955980694190","text":"$2c","created_at":"2026-06-02T01:38:38.553Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":8561,"retweet_count":1952,"reply_count":90,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-05T23:28:31.453Z","media_urls":[],"card":{"url":"https://swampthevoteusa.com/montana/","title":"MONTANA: MAKE A PLAN TO VOTE!","description":"Primary Election Day in Montana is almost here, and it’s time to make your voice heard. Make a plan to vote!","image":"https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/cache/preview_cards/images/072/390/266/original/017089b7b2489ca2.png","provider":"swampthevoteusa.com"}},{"id":"116677952248244533","text":"It is my Great Honor to endorse Chris McGowan, a fantastic Candidate running to be the next Congressman from Iowa’s 4th Congressional District!\nA Brave Iowa Air National Guard Veteran, successful Attorney, and now, as President of the Siouxland Chamber of Commerce, Chris has a Proven Record of Success — He is a WINNER! In Congress, Chris will fight hard to Grow the Economy, Promote our Amazing Farmers and Ranchers, Cut Taxes and Regulations, Advocate for MADE IN THE U.S.A., Champion American Energy DOMINANCE, Keep our Border SECURE, Strengthen our Military/Veterans, Ensure LAW AND ORDER, Safeguard our Elections, and Defend our always under siege Second Amendment.\nChris McGowan has my Complete and Total Endorsement to be the next Representative from Iowa’s 4th Congressional District. Election Day is Tuesday, June 2nd. GET OUT AND VOTE FOR CHRIS — HE WILL NEVER LET YOU DOWN!\nFind your Voting Location here: https://swampthevoteusa.com/iowa-make-a-plan-to-vote/","created_at":"2026-06-02T01:37:41.597Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":8379,"retweet_count":1920,"reply_count":98,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-05T23:28:31.453Z","media_urls":[],"card":{"url":"https://swampthevoteusa.com/iowa-make-a-plan-to-vote/","title":"IOWA: MAKE A PLAN TO VOTE","description":"Primary Election Day in Iowa is almost here, and it’s time to make your voice heard. Make a plan to vote!","image":"https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/cache/preview_cards/images/072/390/175/original/17569d6aadbe5b36.png","provider":"swampthevoteusa.com"}},{"id":"116677950796945440","text":"Congressman Zach Nunn is a fantastic Representative for the Great People of Iowa’s 3rd Congressional District!\nA Brave Combat Veteran, Zach is fighting hard to Grow our Economy, Cut Taxes and Regulations, Support our Amazing Farmers and Ranchers, Keep our Border SECURE, Strengthen our Military, Deliver Quality Care to our Veterans, Ensure PEACE THROUGH STRENGTH, and Defend our always under siege Second Amendment.\nZach Nunn has my Complete and Total Endorsement for Re-Election. Election Day is Tuesday, June 2nd. GET OUT AND VOTE FOR ZACH — HE WILL NEVER LET YOU DOWN!\nFind your Voting Location here: https://swampthevoteusa.com/iowa-make-a-plan-to-vote/","created_at":"2026-06-02T01:37:19.455Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":8184,"retweet_count":1857,"reply_count":82,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-05T18:28:31.093Z","media_urls":[],"card":{"url":"https://swampthevoteusa.com/iowa-make-a-plan-to-vote/","title":"IOWA: MAKE A PLAN TO VOTE","description":"Primary Election Day in Iowa is almost here, and it’s time to make your voice heard. Make a plan to vote!","image":"https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/cache/preview_cards/images/072/390/175/original/17569d6aadbe5b36.png","provider":"swampthevoteusa.com"}},{"id":"116677949779666562","text":"$2d","created_at":"2026-06-02T01:37:03.929Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":8078,"retweet_count":1850,"reply_count":84,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-05T18:28:31.093Z","media_urls":[],"card":{"url":"https://swampthevoteusa.com/iowa-make-a-plan-to-vote/","title":"IOWA: MAKE A PLAN TO VOTE","description":"Primary Election Day in Iowa is almost here, and it’s time to make your voice heard. Make a plan to vote!","image":"https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/cache/preview_cards/images/072/390/175/original/17569d6aadbe5b36.png","provider":"swampthevoteusa.com"}},{"id":"116677948503203356","text":"Congresswoman Mariannette Miller-Meeks is an incredibly strong advocate for the Great People of Iowa’s 1st Congressional District!\nA distinguished Medical Doctor and U.S. Army Veteran, Mariannette knows the America First Policies required to Defend our Country, Support our Brave Military/Veterans, and Ensure PEACE THROUGH STRENGTH. In Congress, Mariannette is working hard to Grow our Economy, Cut Taxes and Regulations, Advocate for our Amazing Farmers and Ranchers, Promote MADE IN THE U.S.A., Champion American Energy DOMINANCE, Keep our Border SECURE, Stop Migrant Crime, and Defend our always under siege Second Amendment.\nMariannette Miller-Meeks has my Complete and Total Endorsement for Re-Election. Election Day is Tuesday, June 2nd. GET OUT AND VOTE FOR MARIANNETTE — SHE WILL NEVER LET YOU DOWN!\nFind your Voting Location here: https://swampthevoteusa.com/iowa-make-a-plan-to-vote/","created_at":"2026-06-02T01:36:44.455Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":8002,"retweet_count":1812,"reply_count":78,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-05T18:28:31.093Z","media_urls":[],"card":{"url":"https://swampthevoteusa.com/iowa-make-a-plan-to-vote/","title":"IOWA: MAKE A PLAN TO VOTE","description":"Primary Election Day in Iowa is almost here, and it’s time to make your voice heard. Make a plan to vote!","image":"https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/cache/preview_cards/images/072/390/175/original/17569d6aadbe5b36.png","provider":"swampthevoteusa.com"}},{"id":"116677945307879259","text":"$2e","created_at":"2026-06-02T01:35:55.695Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":7936,"retweet_count":1830,"reply_count":118,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-05T18:28:31.093Z","media_urls":[],"card":{"url":"https://swampthevoteusa.com/iowa-make-a-plan-to-vote/","title":"IOWA: MAKE A PLAN TO VOTE","description":"Primary Election Day in Iowa is almost here, and it’s time to make your voice heard. Make a plan to vote!","image":"https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/cache/preview_cards/images/072/390/175/original/17569d6aadbe5b36.png","provider":"swampthevoteusa.com"}},{"id":"116677942521780690","text":"$2f","created_at":"2026-06-02T01:35:13.183Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":8086,"retweet_count":1890,"reply_count":105,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-05T18:28:31.093Z","media_urls":[],"card":{"url":"https://swampthevoteusa.com/ca/","title":"CALIFORNIA: READY TO VOTE REPUBLICAN?","description":"","image":"https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/cache/preview_cards/images/072/390/031/original/e6932b65064de923.png","provider":"swampthevoteusa.com"}},{"id":"116677941082070484","text":"Congressman Jay Obernolte is doing a terrific job representing the wonderful people of California’s 23rd Congressional District!\nA Successful Entrepreneur, Civic Leader, and Highly Respected State Legislator, before he ran for Congress, Jay is a Proven Leader who has dedicated his life to serving his Community. In Congress, he is working hard to Grow the Economy, Cut Taxes and Regulations, Promote MADE IN THE U.S.A., Champion American Energy DOMINANCE, Keep our Border SECURE, Stop Migrant Crime, Ensure LAW AND ORDER, Strengthen our Military/Veterans, and Defend our always under siege Second Amendment.\nJay Obernolte has my Complete and Total Endorsement for Re-Election. Election Day is Tuesday, June 2nd. GET OUT AND VOTE FOR JAY — HE WILL NEVER LET YOU DOWN!\nFind your Voting Location here: https://swampthevoteusa.com/ca/","created_at":"2026-06-02T01:34:51.218Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":7858,"retweet_count":1858,"reply_count":84,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-05T18:28:31.093Z","media_urls":[],"card":{"url":"https://swampthevoteusa.com/ca/","title":"CALIFORNIA: READY TO VOTE REPUBLICAN?","description":"","image":"https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/cache/preview_cards/images/072/390/031/original/e6932b65064de923.png","provider":"swampthevoteusa.com"}},{"id":"116677939522321731","text":"Congressman Vince Fong is a terrific Representative for the incredible people of California’s 20th Congressional District!\nVince has a strong Record of SUCCESS, and compelling support from his Community. In Congress, he is fighting tirelessly to Deliver Sustainable Water Solutions, Champion our Amazing Farmers and Ranchers, Grow our Economy, Cut Taxes and Regulations, Keep our Border SECURE, Advocate for our Great Military/Veterans, and Defend our always under siege Second Amendment.\nVince Fong has my Complete and Total Endorsement for Re-Election. Election Day is Tuesday, June 2nd. GET OUT AND VOTE FOR VINCE — HE WILL NEVER LET YOU DOWN!\nFind your Voting Location here: https://swampthevoteusa.com/ca/","created_at":"2026-06-02T01:34:27.415Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":7792,"retweet_count":1851,"reply_count":106,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-05T18:28:31.093Z","media_urls":[],"card":{"url":"https://swampthevoteusa.com/ca/","title":"CALIFORNIA: READY TO VOTE REPUBLICAN?","description":"","image":"https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/cache/preview_cards/images/072/390/031/original/e6932b65064de923.png","provider":"swampthevoteusa.com"}},{"id":"116677938053405257","text":"It is my Great Honor to endorse Kevin Lincoln, who is running to represent the incredible people of California’s 13th Congressional District.\nFrom bravely fighting for the U.S. Marine Corps, to leading his City as Mayor of Stockton, Kevin has served our Nation with distinction, and will bring that same Fighting Spirit to the U.S. Congress. As your next Congressman, Kevin will work tirelessly to Grow our Economy, Cut Taxes and Regulations, Promote MADE IN THE U.S.A., Champion American Energy DOMINANCE, Keep our Border SECURE, Stop Migrant Crime, Strengthen our Great Military/Veterans, and Protect our always under siege Second Amendment.\nKevin Lincoln has my Complete and Total Endorsement. Election Day is Tuesday, June 2nd. GET OUT AND VOTE FOR KEVIN — HE WILL NEVER LET YOU DOWN!\nFind your Voting Location here: https://swampthevoteusa.com/ca/","created_at":"2026-06-02T01:34:05.001Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":7761,"retweet_count":1847,"reply_count":93,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-05T17:13:31.028Z","media_urls":[],"card":{"url":"https://swampthevoteusa.com/ca/","title":"CALIFORNIA: READY TO VOTE REPUBLICAN?","description":"","image":"https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/cache/preview_cards/images/072/390/031/original/e6932b65064de923.png","provider":"swampthevoteusa.com"}},{"id":"116677936448770234","text":"Congressman Tom McClintock is doing a fantastic job representing California’s 5th Congressional District!\nAs an Outspoken Member of the House Budget Committee, Tom knows the America First Policies required to Create GREAT Jobs, Cut Taxes and Regulations, Promote MADE IN THE U.S.A., Advance American Energy DOMINANCE, and Champion our Nation’s Golden Age. He is also working tirelessly to Keep our Border SECURE, Stop Migrant Crime, Strengthen our Brave Military/Veterans, Ensure LAW AND ORDER, and Protect our always under siege Second Amendment.\nTom McClintock has my Complete and Total Endorsement for Re-Election. Election Day is Tuesday, June 2nd. GET OUT AND VOTE FOR TOM — HE WILL NEVER LET YOU DOWN!\nFind your Voting Location here: https://swampthevoteusa.com/ca/","created_at":"2026-06-02T01:33:40.519Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":7671,"retweet_count":1820,"reply_count":91,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-05T17:13:31.028Z","media_urls":[],"card":{"url":"https://swampthevoteusa.com/ca/","title":"CALIFORNIA: READY TO VOTE REPUBLICAN?","description":"","image":"https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/cache/preview_cards/images/072/390/031/original/e6932b65064de923.png","provider":"swampthevoteusa.com"}},{"id":"116677931001186167","text":"$30","created_at":"2026-06-02T01:32:17.397Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":7712,"retweet_count":1854,"reply_count":92,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-05T15:43:30.829Z","media_urls":[],"card":{"url":"https://swampthevoteusa.com/ca/","title":"CALIFORNIA: READY TO VOTE REPUBLICAN?","description":"","image":"https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/cache/preview_cards/images/072/390/031/original/e6932b65064de923.png","provider":"swampthevoteusa.com"}},{"id":"116677925826821244","text":"I have known and respected Steve Hilton, who is running for Governor of California, for many years. He is a truly fine man, one who has watched as this once great State has gone to Hell. Gavin Newscum and the Democrats have done an absolutely horrendous job. People are fleeing, Crime is increasing, and Taxes are the highest of any State in the Country, maybe the World. Steve can turn it around, before it is too late, and, as President, I will help him to do so! With our Administration, working alongside a Great Governor like Steve Hilton, California can be better than ever before. Steve Hilton has my COMPLETE AND TOTAL ENDORSEMENT! Election Day is Tuesday, June 2nd. GET OUT AND VOTE FOR STEVE — He will be a GREAT Governor and, importantly, WILL NEVER LET YOU DOWN!!! President DONALD J. TRUMP\nFind your Voting Location here: https://swampthevoteusa.com/ca/","created_at":"2026-06-02T01:30:58.441Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":9215,"retweet_count":2482,"reply_count":279,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-05T15:13:30.803Z","media_urls":[],"card":{"url":"https://swampthevoteusa.com/ca/","title":"CALIFORNIA: READY TO VOTE REPUBLICAN?","description":"","image":"https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/cache/preview_cards/images/072/390/031/original/e6932b65064de923.png","provider":"swampthevoteusa.com"}},{"id":"116677922835789083","text":"Congressman Brian Mast is a MAGA Warrior and Fantastic Advocate for Florida’s 21st Congressional District!\nAs the Chairman of my WINNING 2024 Campaign’s Veterans for Trump Coalition, Brian is a true American Hero and Patriot. He knows the Wisdom and Courage required to Defend our Country, Support our Brave Military/Veterans, and Ensure PEACE THROUGH STRENGTH. In Congress, he is fighting hard to Grow the Economy, Cut Taxes and Regulations, Promote MADE IN THE U.S.A., Champion American Energy DOMINANCE, Keep our Border SECURE, Ensure PEACE THROUGH STRENGTH, and Protect our always under siege Second Amendment.\nBrian Mast has my Complete and Total Endorsement for Re-Election — HE WILL NEVER LET YOU DOWN!","created_at":"2026-06-02T01:30:12.801Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":8034,"retweet_count":1894,"reply_count":105,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-05T14:28:30.759Z","media_urls":[],"card":null},{"id":"116677921449196957","text":"If Iran surrenders, admits their Navy is gone and resting at the bottom of the sea, and their Air Force is no longer with us, and if their entire Military walks out of Tehran, weapons dropped and hands held high, each shouting “I surrender, I surrender” while wildly waving the representative White Flag, and if their entire remaining Leadership signs all necessary “Documents of Surrender,” and admit their defeat to the great power and force of the magnificent U.S.A., The Failing New York Times, The China Street Journal (WSJ!), Corrupt and now Irrelevant CNN, and all other members of the Fake News Media, will headline that Iran had a Masterful and Brilliant Victory over The United States of America, it wasn’t even close. The Dumacrats and Media have totally lost their way. They have gone absolutely CRAZY!!! President DJT","created_at":"2026-06-02T01:29:51.641Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":10700,"retweet_count":2758,"reply_count":636,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-05T13:43:30.744Z","media_urls":[],"card":null},{"id":"116677920122432884","text":"Alvin Bragg created a new crime just for “Donald Trump.” He took misdemeanors that didn’t exist, and turned them into felonies that never existed. They have a “charge” for Donald Trump that nobody has ever been charged with in the History of Manhattan, and they didn’t charge Hillary Clinton’s lawyer who became the Chief Prosecutor, Mark Pomerantz, and the Judge’s Daughter was the Chief Fundraiser for Kamala Harris and Sleepy Joe Biden. Dirty Cops and Crooked Politicians!","created_at":"2026-06-02T01:29:31.399Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":11008,"retweet_count":3213,"reply_count":425,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-05T12:58:30.727Z","media_urls":[],"card":null},{"id":"116677916960939162","text":"In the last two weeks I've taken out many bad Political \"Leaders” and Pundits including Senator Bill Cassidy of Louisiana, Lightweight “Congressman” Thomas Massie of Kentucky, Brad Raffensperger of Georgia, REALLY DUMB Stephen Colbert of CBS, and others. My score, for two weeks, is 38-0, with three more limping Late Night Talk Show Hosts, including Low Ratings Bill Maher and his Fake \"Laughing Machine,\" to go. It is my Honor to be working so hard for our Country! President DONALD J. TRUMP","created_at":"2026-06-02T01:28:43.158Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":11036,"retweet_count":2772,"reply_count":521,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-05T03:28:30.013Z","media_urls":[],"card":null},{"id":"116677914933824247","text":"Meridian Park Fountain: https://www.nps.gov/places/000/cascading-fountain.htm","created_at":"2026-06-02T01:28:12.224Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":7385,"retweet_count":1736,"reply_count":119,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-05T02:43:29.914Z","media_urls":[],"card":{"url":"https://www.nps.gov/places/000/cascading-fountain.htm","title":"Meridian Park Fountain (U.S. National Park Service)","description":"","image":"","provider":"www.nps.gov"}},{"id":"116677912770941510","text":"","created_at":"2026-06-02T01:27:39.226Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":10350,"retweet_count":2456,"reply_count":270,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-05T00:13:29.717Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/677/912/498/205/883/original/c2d9a144f99ea87a.jpg","https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/677/912/498/048/851/original/59bc50c33ae543b7.jpg","https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/677/912/498/346/542/original/e754176033367fe9.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"116677911794139953","text":"","created_at":"2026-06-02T01:27:24.321Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":10536,"retweet_count":2406,"reply_count":210,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-05T00:13:29.717Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/677/911/537/739/834/original/87cb79ab83bf80bc.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"116677910570104917","text":"51st State!\nhttps://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2026-05-29/canada-dips-into-technical-recession-for-first-time-since-2020","created_at":"2026-06-02T01:27:05.640Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":7629,"retweet_count":1865,"reply_count":386,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-04T21:43:29.595Z","media_urls":[],"card":null},{"id":"116677906971899009","text":"RT: https://truthsocial.com/users/realDonaldTrump/statuses/116677906069551278","created_at":"2026-06-02T01:26:10.737Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":7166,"retweet_count":1849,"reply_count":111,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-04T21:43:29.595Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/677/906/778/528/410/original/871fc886bd015dcc.jpg","https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/677/906/780/575/993/original/a37e6fb0e59bd5a2.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"116677906069551278","text":"","created_at":"2026-06-02T01:25:56.971Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":6804,"retweet_count":1652,"reply_count":80,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-04T21:13:29.591Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/677/905/696/140/135/original/bc729c375b7d69b9.jpg","https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/677/905/695/964/527/original/9e38f49d5eb683f3.jpg","https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/677/905/696/200/216/original/3af4f050a9d8a871.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"116677904886670595","text":"","created_at":"2026-06-02T01:25:38.917Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":6985,"retweet_count":1760,"reply_count":102,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-04T21:13:29.591Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/677/904/663/053/858/original/aa113c6a49ca2c4a.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"116677902323938306","text":"","created_at":"2026-06-02T01:24:59.817Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":6630,"retweet_count":1671,"reply_count":73,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-04T18:43:29.473Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/677/900/198/033/495/original/77c99ccf01efa981.jpg","https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/677/900/198/119/828/original/51785dfefeba24af.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"116677898475889259","text":"EPA Advances Farmers’ Right to Repair Their Own Equipment, Saving Repair Costs and Productivity: https://www.epa.gov/newsreleases/epa-advances-farmers-right-repair-their-own-equipment-saving-repair-costs-and","created_at":"2026-06-02T01:24:01.099Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":8199,"retweet_count":2193,"reply_count":171,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-04T18:43:29.473Z","media_urls":[],"card":{"url":"https://www.epa.gov/newsreleases/epa-advances-farmers-right-repair-their-own-equipment-saving-repair-costs-and","title":"EPA Advances Farmers’ Right to Repair Their Own Equipment, Saving Repair Costs and Productivity | US EPA","description":"Today, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) advanced American farmers and equipment owners’ lawful right to repair their farm and other nonroad diesel equipment.","image":"https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/cache/preview_cards/images/066/877/864/original/58102e9bedc118a0.jpg","provider":"www.epa.gov"}},{"id":"116677896970983614","text":"","created_at":"2026-06-02T01:23:38.138Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":7510,"retweet_count":1815,"reply_count":157,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-04T18:43:29.473Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/677/896/760/593/111/original/0af161103028c043.png"],"card":null},{"id":"116677896412028829","text":"","created_at":"2026-06-02T01:23:29.604Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":7127,"retweet_count":1800,"reply_count":79,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-04T18:13:29.452Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/677/896/235/677/000/original/d6f3814de47e8304.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"116677895624758583","text":"RT: https://truthsocial.com/users/realDonaldTrump/statuses/116677894810247197","created_at":"2026-06-02T01:23:17.596Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":7995,"retweet_count":2125,"reply_count":150,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-04T18:13:29.452Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/677/895/515/442/312/original/d4e364881accaeeb.png"],"card":null},{"id":"116677894810247197","text":"RT: https://truthsocial.com/users/realDonaldTrump/statuses/116677894020847693","created_at":"2026-06-02T01:23:05.168Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":7559,"retweet_count":1873,"reply_count":107,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-04T17:58:29.429Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/677/894/649/066/389/original/f3cb63f569e7bbc2.png"],"card":null},{"id":"116677894020847693","text":"","created_at":"2026-06-02T01:22:53.119Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":6650,"retweet_count":1431,"reply_count":85,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-04T17:58:29.429Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/677/893/046/788/378/original/ad257fbb65c53903.mp4#poster=https%3A%2F%2Fstatic-assets-1.truthsocial.com%2Ftmtg%3Aprime-ts-assets%2Fmedia_attachments%2Fthumbnails%2F116%2F677%2F893%2F046%2F788%2F378%2Foriginal%2Fe5c3bde28aaafee6.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"116677892634856979","text":"RT: https://truthsocial.com/users/realDonaldTrump/statuses/116677891769590469","created_at":"2026-06-02T01:22:31.974Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":6356,"retweet_count":1533,"reply_count":78,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-04T17:58:29.429Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/677/892/467/074/945/original/d96bd9f5c72faebc.png"],"card":null},{"id":"116677891769590469","text":"","created_at":"2026-06-02T01:22:18.770Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":5738,"retweet_count":1231,"reply_count":64,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-04T17:58:29.429Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/677/889/716/869/892/original/8404ea01b0ac1c79.mp4#poster=https%3A%2F%2Fstatic-assets-1.truthsocial.com%2Ftmtg%3Aprime-ts-assets%2Fmedia_attachments%2Fthumbnails%2F116%2F677%2F889%2F716%2F869%2F892%2Foriginal%2Fd8801c568d2bff0a.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"116677880043091406","text":"","created_at":"2026-06-02T01:19:19.838Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":6968,"retweet_count":1674,"reply_count":145,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-04T17:58:29.429Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/677/879/821/907/827/original/ea1430f7d63c5c42.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"116677872982802868","text":"https://www.thefp.com/p/iran-war-end-trump-peace-deal-israel","created_at":"2026-06-02T01:17:32.101Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":5209,"retweet_count":1353,"reply_count":153,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-04T17:43:29.400Z","media_urls":[],"card":{"url":"https://www.thefp.com/p/iran-war-end-trump-peace-deal-israel","title":"This Is How the Iran War Ends","description":"With a ceasefire deal ‘largely negotiated,’ Mike Doran talks to a senior administration official who lays out Trump’s two-step plan for peace.","image":"https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/cache/preview_cards/images/072/389/549/original/bc35ea28ffc5e015.jpg","provider":"www.thefp.com"}},{"id":"116677871435291930","text":"There Would Be No 4th of July Without Memorial Day: Trump's Powerful Arlington Message: https://redstate.com/bobhoge/2026/05/25/there-would-be-no-4th-of-july-without-memorial-day-trumps-powerful-arlington-message-n2202681","created_at":"2026-06-02T01:17:08.487Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":6141,"retweet_count":1627,"reply_count":105,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-04T17:28:29.368Z","media_urls":[],"card":{"url":"https://redstate.com/bobhoge/2026/05/25/there-would-be-no-4th-of-july-without-memorial-day-trumps-powerful-arlington-message-n2202681","title":"There Would Be No 4th of July Without Memorial Day: Trump's Powerful Arlington Message","description":"Trump honors fallen heroes at Arlington on Memorial Day, highlighting sacrifice behind July 4th freedom.","image":"https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/cache/preview_cards/images/072/088/395/original/7287fd8ec7d6670e.jpeg","provider":"redstate.com"}},{"id":"116677869773531192","text":"Pete Hegseth’s anti-DEI speech at West Point is a template to save American lives: https://www.foxnews.com/opinion/pete-hegseths-anti-dei-speech-west-point-template-save-american-lives","created_at":"2026-06-02T01:16:43.136Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":6807,"retweet_count":1813,"reply_count":148,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-04T17:28:29.368Z","media_urls":[],"card":{"url":"https://www.foxnews.com/opinion/pete-hegseths-anti-dei-speech-west-point-template-save-american-lives","title":"Pete Hegseth’s anti-DEI speech at West Point is a template to save American lives","description":"Pete Hegseth's West Point speech condemned DEI and woke leaders for weakening military standards, with implications for police, healthcare and more.","image":"https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/cache/preview_cards/images/072/155/399/original/a9b9530d5137035f.jpeg","provider":"www.foxnews.com"}},{"id":"2061596599588114444","text":"I never thought I’d see the day where $GOOGL needs to raise $80b for AI capex…\nThen Warren Buffet’s $BRK.A is funding the hyperscaler AI buildout.\n- $40B ATM, $30B offerings, Berkshire $10B\nUpstream ecosystem from $LITE to $AVGO to Mediatek to $TSM to $MU should go brrr.\nNot sure if the Google holders are though, given this massive capex scale isn’t as funded by FCF.","created_at":"2026-06-01T23:51:46.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-03T13:47:40.430Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJxDLW6bMAAP6fs?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null},{"id":"116677048828976704","text":"I had a conversation with Bibi Netanyahu today, asking him not to go into a major raid of Beirut, Lebanon. He turned his Troops around. Thank you Bibi! I also had a conversation with Representatives of the Leaders of Hezbollah, and they agreed to stop shooting at Israel, and its soldiers. Likewise, Israel agreed to stop shooting at them. Let’s see how long that lasts — Hopefully it will be for ETERNITY! President DONALD J. TRUMP","created_at":"2026-06-01T21:47:56.516Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":16659,"retweet_count":3916,"reply_count":2628,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-04T16:43:29.299Z","media_urls":[],"card":null},{"id":"2061545299055882675","text":"Macron announces that $NBIS invests €8B to build out AI Cloud Infrastructure in France.\nThis was my favorite comment:\n“What about the Water”\nEmmanuel Macron: Nebius choisit la France.\nL’acteur du Cloud IA dévoile un projet de plus de 8 milliards d’euros d’investissement pour déployer des infrastructures et des services de cloud, avec une capacité cible de 240 MW, positionnant le site parmi les plus puissants du continent.\nBedankt!","created_at":"2026-06-01T20:27:55.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-03T11:47:40.421Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJwUhRvbQAA5Lyw?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null},{"id":"2061538735595069534","text":"$31","created_at":"2026-06-01T20:01:50.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-03T10:47:40.335Z","media_urls":[],"card":null},{"id":"116676428101944121","text":"","created_at":"2026-06-01T19:10:04.974Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":17680,"retweet_count":3838,"reply_count":1961,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-04T14:58:29.063Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/676/427/929/087/508/original/c048ec27753e2de5.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"116676087445077253","text":"Talks are continuing, at a rapid pace, with the Islamic Republic of Iran. Thank you for your attention to this matter! President DONALD J. TRUMP","created_at":"2026-06-01T17:43:26.963Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":30814,"retweet_count":6051,"reply_count":5573,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-04T10:43:28.730Z","media_urls":[],"card":null},{"id":"116676034049614301","text":"I had a very productive call with Prime Minister Bibi Netanyahu, of Israel, and there will be no Troops going to Beirut, and any Troops that are on their way, have already been turned back. Likewise, through highly placed Representatives, I had a very good call with Hezbollah, and they agreed that all shooting will stop — That Israel will not attack them, and they will not attack Israel. President DONALD J. TRUMP","created_at":"2026-06-01T17:29:52.210Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":19123,"retweet_count":4203,"reply_count":2446,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-04T05:28:28.412Z","media_urls":[],"card":null},{"id":"2061498698098708676","text":"I did say $AAOI was my favorite US optical long...\n+20.1% today.\nIf you want the next $SNDK, you're looking at it.\nI think H1 entering H2 2027 will likely be that massive inflection point for photonics players.\nWe're just a tad early entering H2 2026 while everyone is building up capacity.\nJust a general rule of thumb in general if your name isnt space or quantum, markets are forward looking round 8 months.\nThat revenue ramp inflection point is coming, more of a matter of when, waiting for it, and embracing volatility in the meantime.\nSerenity: $AAOI is actually my favorite photonics exposure in the US market right now.\nI went long last year with low sizing at $28, back when I guessed they were qualifying with $AMZN and $MSFT.\nHigh conviction post earnings at ~$70, when they announced 1.6T and other volume orders with","created_at":"2026-06-01T17:22:45.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-03T10:02:40.255Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJvpt70b0AAiFyx?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null},{"id":"2061486607870652876","text":"$$ARM is just ridiculous.\n$134 straight to $413 in just 2 1/2 months.\nShould have went options, would have been up thousands of percent instead of only 3x.\nSerenity: $ARM expects $15B in annual revenue from the the AGI CPU:\n\"The company projects that the new chip business will generate over $15 billion in annual revenue\" within the next 5 years.\n5 times current revenues (~$25B revenue)...\nArm probably deserves to be up more than 5% on","created_at":"2026-06-01T16:34:42.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-03T07:47:40.073Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJvfITJa8AENtev?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HENAIyLaIAIpOwi?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null},{"id":"2061479663181189201","text":"Holy sht, plot armor confirmed with $NBIS\nSerenity: $NBIS has anime plot armor!\nHappy to hear Weebius has been outperforming the market and Neocloud basket ( $IREN / $CIFR ).\nLast year post MSFT earnings, I gave a prediction after Q4 earnings, Nebius would reach a $100B MC.\nWe’re currently sitting at $60B MC, getting close!","created_at":"2026-06-01T16:07:06.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-03T06:47:39.984Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJvYy4ca8AAVHt3?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJun7F8aEAALWRy?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null},{"id":"2061470490083143996","text":"And a few months later... my $EWY leaps are now up 485%.\nFrom IV expansion and directional memory longs.\nUnfortunately I did see a lot of people sell during the Iran volatility, due to doomposting everywhere on X.\nBut returns going long on the memory sector from Samsing SK Hynix / $MU have been absolutely disgusting to watch.\nIf you can model Samsung / SK Hynix becoming the most profitable companies in the world in 2028...\nMaybe it's a good idea to just embrace the volatility and let that thesis play out.\nSerenity: Feels like everyone is doom-posting KOSPI saying:\n> “Look at the chart, it can’t keep going up like this!”\n> Memory is a black hole for demand ( $SNDK taking 3Y preorders )\n> $EWY is basically just two stocks, Samsung and SK Hynix, not a representation of the Korean economy\n>","created_at":"2026-06-01T15:30:39.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-03T05:32:39.947Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJvP5SQaEAAWlXl?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HCjFFrDawAEpIlj?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HCjFFq7aEAAgzp-?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null},{"id":"2061466217911853429","text":"A special thank you to the only European stock green today: $IQE.\nUp to $54, from when I went long at $12-13, 4 months ago.\nUnfortunately lot of volatility with the other ones from $LPK, $SOI, $XFAB, and $ALRIB.\nSerenity: @ravietweet Not exactly! I'm just a tad more familiar with photonic supply chains than I am with energy so I like picking potential winners.\nJust wanted to introduce $IQE into the equation like i did with $AXTI, so I could do a \"Did you Listen Anon?\" post 3 months later if it turns out","created_at":"2026-06-01T15:13:41.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-03T02:32:39.677Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJvMVGQaIAAeVJf?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HCAY8NKaMAEwALH?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null},{"id":"2061456212303221196","text":"$32","created_at":"2026-06-01T14:33:55.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-03T01:17:39.588Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJvCbxjbAAALIeI?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJvCdc7bEAApxHA?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJvCgFhaMAIwY6S?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"2061456212303221196","sentiment":"bullish","sentiment_score":0.75,"sentiment_reasoning":"The post is a strong rebuttal of a short seller's thesis on $SIVE, defending multiple bullish catalysts including Apple supply chain involvement, NASDAQ listing, CPO partnerships with Ayar Labs/Celestial AI, and SpaceX/Broadcom foundry relationships. Despite SIVE's -14.72% drop shown in the chart, the author is aggressively defending the long thesis and calling out short seller disinformation.","tickers":[{"ticker":"SIVE","asset_type":"stock","context":"Primary subject of post; author rebutting short seller thesis, defending bullish case across Apple supply chain, CPO, NASDAQ listing, and foundry relationships. Stock shown down -14.72% on the day.","direction":"long"},{"ticker":"AAPL","asset_type":"stock","context":"Identified as likely SIVE laser customer for Apple Watch blood-glucose monitoring; RfQ for 50M units/year discussed; H2 2027-2028 revenue cycle expected.","direction":"long"},{"ticker":"MRVL","asset_type":"stock","context":"Marvell's Celestial AI product line identified as likely direct SIVE laser buyer, not through POET as short sellers claim.","direction":"neutral"},{"ticker":"AVGO","asset_type":"stock","context":"Referenced as part of SpaceX supply chain where SIVE is a critical foundry supplier; high confidence claim.","direction":"neutral"},{"ticker":"POET","asset_type":"stock","context":"Mentioned as a middleman that short sellers claim is between Celestial AI and SIVE, which the author disputes.","direction":"neutral"},{"ticker":"LITE","asset_type":"stock","context":"Referenced in comparison of laser architectures; short seller allegedly confusing LITE/COHR architecture with SIVE.","direction":"neutral"},{"ticker":"COHR","asset_type":"stock","context":"Referenced alongside LITE as architecturally different from SIVE; used to highlight short seller's alleged confusion.","direction":"neutral"}],"signals":[{"type":"analysis","asset":"SIVE","price":58.8,"target":null,"stop_loss":null,"leverage":null,"timeframe":"H2 2027-2028","confidence":"high","raw_text":"$$SIVE is clearly the likely $AAPL supplier for lasers... markets are 99% sure, the BOM is confidential."},{"type":"alert","asset":"SIVE","price":null,"target":null,"stop_loss":null,"leverage":null,"timeframe":"near-term","confidence":"medium","raw_text":"US NASDAQ listing is likely incoming soon after the new board meeting and shareholder vote."},{"type":"analysis","asset":"SIVE","price":null,"target":null,"stop_loss":null,"leverage":null,"timeframe":"medium-term","confidence":"high","raw_text":"Short sellers keep repeating this disinformation... likely going to see them turn into a long as CPO/Jabil partnerships volume ramp."}],"key_themes":["Short seller rebuttal","Apple Watch laser supply chain","CPO / optical networking ramp","NASDAQ listing catalyst","Ayar Labs CPO partnership","Celestial AI / Marvell customer","SpaceX and Broadcom foundry supply","Noninvasive glucose monitoring","Disinformation / financial statement distortion allegations"],"domains":["Semiconductors","CPO / Optical Networking","AI / ML","Consumer Tech","Biotech / Healthcare"],"risk_level":"high","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"The author is aggressively countering a short seller's bearish thesis on Sivers Semiconductors ($SIVE), which dropped -14.72% on June 1, by defending its positions as a laser supplier for Apple Watch (blood-glucose monitoring, H2 2027-2028), Celestial AI/Marvell, Ayar Labs (CPO), and SpaceX/Broadcom supply chains, while also highlighting a likely upcoming NASDAQ listing. The post argues the short seller is distorting financials, conflating different product generations, and spreading disinformation that will ultimately backfire as CPO and Jabil partnership volumes ramp.","image_insights":"Image 1: Sivers Semiconductors AB (STO: SIVE) 1-day chart showing a sharp sell-off, closing at 58.80 SEK, down -14.72% (-10.15) on June 1, from an open of 71.30 and previous close of 68.95, with a steep drop in the final hour of trading. Image 2: Sivers investor slide highlighting optical I/O focused customers with ~$400M in funding over last 12 months, featuring AyarLabs, Lightmatter ($154M 2023), Celestial AI ($100M 2023), Lightelligence ($0 2023), HP, Lockheed Martin, Intel, NVIDIA as customers/partners. Image 3: Tweet by @aleabitoreddit discussing $SIVE as a likely $AAPL supplier for hyper-customized lasers for noninvasive blood-glucose monitoring on Apple Watch, targeting H2 2027-2028 cycle, with indicative volumes of 50M units/year (~$130M annual revenue potential).","analyzed_at":"2026-06-01T19:15:32.224Z"}},{"id":"2061442981102764171","text":"$$NVDA, Siemens, and $FLNC develop reference power architectures for Vera Rubin N72.\nThis comes at the time FLNC has 2 likely hyperscaler deals coming up.\nJust in case why you’re wondering it’s up 36%.","created_at":"2026-06-01T13:41:21.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-02T23:47:44.408Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJu3dpfaAAAoV7q?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJu3dpeacAADHVs?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null},{"id":"2061425895307608561","text":"$$NBIS has anime plot armor!\nHappy to hear Weebius has been outperforming the market and Neocloud basket ( $IREN / $CIFR ).\nLast year post MSFT earnings, I gave a prediction after Q4 earnings, Nebius would reach a $100B MC.\nWe’re currently sitting at $60B MC, getting close!\nMisaka Mikoto: Just hit 1 million in Roth IRA in the premarket with $NBIS doing the heavy lifting. Trading in your Roth can be a powerful way to snowball tax free gains for life. Special thanks to my senpai @aleabitoreddit for making this possible sharing his wisdom. Next goal: 10mm NW overall!","created_at":"2026-06-01T12:33:27.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-02T23:36:30.798Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJun7F8aEAALWRy?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJuj33EbsAA7c7z?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null},{"id":"2061395355695226960","text":"It’s mainly just “follow the leader” algorithmic selloff in current photonics markets.\nMost laser/optical related companies from $AAOI to $SIVE seem tied to $LITE performance…\nDespite individual fundamentals improving. Eg. (AOI with $AMD / $NVDA discussions).\nAlgorithms don’t differentiate well, especially if something is higher beta than others.\nBut if you know something markets don’t like Sivers with more optical transceiver customers unannounced.\nYou can outperform in the long run.\nThere’s a lot of 20%-30% intraday moves nowadays, so I personally wouldn’t trade these movements.\nJust going long on the Kingmakers in photonics thematically since I’m confident in exponential TAM growth.\nGandalf: @aleabitoreddit @WuKongWAGMI Any opniom the current weakness","created_at":"2026-06-01T10:32:06.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-02T20:51:30.560Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJuMJMpaMAEDKqq?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJuMJMnaQAA0Mm1?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJuMJMpa0AAoTeG?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJuMJMxbYAAwpFj?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null},{"id":"2061384495576789401","text":"This is the biggest TAM expansion + revenue driver with $SIVE, markets haven’t noticed.\nSivers is actively working with new pluggable optical transceiver companies.\nAfter Jabil 1.6T LRO used Sivers lasers to achieve a “relatively dramatic moat”.\n“Actively working”, so co-development / qualification stage.\nMy guess is we’ll likely see optical transceiver companies (eg. Innolight), announce they’re using $SIVE lasers soon.","created_at":"2026-06-01T09:48:57.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-02T14:18:25.800Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJuCRVfaUAAKHCq?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null},{"id":"2061365325741101442","text":"$33","created_at":"2026-06-01T08:32:46.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-02T13:03:25.839Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJtw1MHasAApHD-?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJtw1MFboAAcCzd?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJlux2lW4AEEXC2?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null},{"id":"2061348882685243497","text":"$34","created_at":"2026-06-01T07:27:26.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-02T07:48:25.366Z","media_urls":[],"card":null},{"id":"2061333906226614403","text":"I had higher expectations for Shunsin tbh.\nIt’s been close to a month and a half and it’s only up 39.96%.\nMaybe I’m not as good with Taiwanese optical stocks.\nSerenity: Taiwan $NVDA CPO supply chain ide #1:\nShunsin (6451 TWSE) - Photonics Packaging at ~$1.4B MC.\nIt's a subsidiary of Foxconn. And Foxconn is ODM for $NVDA.\nIt's almost like Celestial got listed by $MRVL and got a free piggy back ride?\nSome personal est. 2027 fwd ~20 P/E, that","created_at":"2026-06-01T06:27:55.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-02T06:48:25.217Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJtUQnsbMAAG-96?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HFv_59Oa4AEVTmo?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null},{"id":"116673100624536427","text":"Has anyone ever seen a happy Dumocrat??? President DJT","created_at":"2026-06-01T05:03:51.697Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":29692,"retweet_count":6327,"reply_count":7099,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-04T04:58:28.396Z","media_urls":[],"card":null},{"id":"116673094140159291","text":"Iran really wants to make a deal, and it will be a good one for the U.S.A. and those that are with us. But don’t the Dumocrats, and various seemingly unpatriotic Republicans,  understand that it is MUCH tougher for me to properly do my job and negotiate, when political hacks keep negatively “chirping,” at levels never seen before, over and over again, that I should move faster, or move slower, or go to war, or not go to war, or whatever. Just sit back and relax, it will all work out well in the end - It always does! President DJT","created_at":"2026-06-01T05:02:12.750Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":30778,"retweet_count":7297,"reply_count":5030,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-04T04:43:28.403Z","media_urls":[],"card":null},{"id":"2061302974123753944","text":"哇塞，就差最后 4000 个了。\n我就能成为 X 平台订阅量第一名了。\n仔细想想，一个做财经赛道的人……\n尤其是还在做“分享 AI 供应链见解”这种如此垂直小众的内容，这事儿真的挺特别的。\n竟然能坐上头把交椅？","created_at":"2026-06-01T04:25:00.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-02T04:43:38.497Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJs4IMXbUAAauxW?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJs4IMgaoAAq6cQ?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null},{"id":"2061265938612465817","text":"At $NVDA GTC/Computex in Taipei:\nI think we’ll hear about the next AI bottleneck.\nThat’s owned by a .6 P/B potato farming company in Japan, with a 180 year history.\nTheir owner cooks those potatoes in night markets for 160 yen a piece.\nBut that same potato farming equipment used to grow potatoes with optimal sunlight.\nIs now required for optical alignment requirements for CPO.\nAnd their unique cooking technique is mandatory to address thermal requirements for Rubin.\nCan anyone guess?","created_at":"2026-06-01T01:57:50.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-02T01:28:43.217Z","media_urls":[],"card":null},{"id":"2061252644195504239","text":"$$AAOI is actually my favorite photonics exposure in the US market right now.\nI went long last year with low sizing at $28, back when I guessed they were qualifying with $AMZN and $MSFT.\nHigh conviction post earnings at ~$70, when they announced 1.6T and other volume orders with hyperscalers.\nCapacity projections at $90 for 2027 timelines were bullish.\nNow at $150, the story from 2025 is coming together with all the laser fab bottlenecks, GS optical TAM projections, Made in America efforts, $NVDA / $AMD discussion rumors.\nThe only thing holding them back is ATM after ATM, and now another $600m ATM…\nI personally think it easily rerates once the mechanical selling pressure stops.\nAnd personally think it could be a 4-5x return in 12-24M.\nAlso I don’t know who calculates those forward p/e’s on the screener websites but they’re all extremely off.GVDFather: @aleabitoreddit What do you think of $AAOI at these levels? Too late? Looking at a 12-24 month horizon, it’s got a super high fwd PE like around 85 or higher","created_at":"2026-06-01T01:05:01.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-02T01:28:43.217Z","media_urls":[],"card":null},{"id":"2061245108427935752","text":"私の(4092)赤リンの投資シナリオ、誰か覚えてる？\nほぼ100%上がってるよ！\nSerenity: A Guide by Serenity:\nHow to Cripple the Western Hyperscaler buildout with just $170m.\nJust take over Nippon Chemical (4092) with $169m!\nFor InP substrates, you need: Indium and High Purity Phosphorus.\nThought $AXTI was a bottleneck? NCI is the bottleneck of the bottleneck.","created_at":"2026-06-01T00:35:04.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-01T23:42:56.307Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJsDEDJaEAA41i1?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HF1qJSXasAA_7N-?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null},{"id":"2061233888454988260","text":"Can’t believe $ARM went straight from $134 to $354 when I took positions.\nThe ~$15B annual revenue coming from these cool name AI CPUs seemed a bit insane at the time.\nAt Computex, looks like $NVDA is unveiling new ARM based processors too.\nCounterpoint them shows them dominating AI ASIC servers by 2029, projections which is crazy…\nGPU:CPU ratios are requiring more and more CPUs.\nSeems like they have everything going for them?\nSerenity: Bullish on $ARM, given the new bottleneck shifting back to CPUs. MS shows stuff like Orchestration/RAG requiring CPUs.\nBut I'm predicting parts of localized inference to be handled by CPUs more and more... as models like Gemma get  lightweight in the future.\nNot every robot","created_at":"2026-05-31T23:50:29.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-01T17:12:55.837Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJr5Srba8AAYAzE?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJr5SrZa0AAIx94?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HGZWKq6bUAAzmam?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null},{"id":"116671799302513930","text":"Welcome home to Justo Betancourt, whose Daughter, Arianne, fought very hard to free her father from Alligator Alcatraz. Enjoy your Freedom together!!! President DONALD J. TRUMP","created_at":"2026-05-31T23:32:55.099Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":19373,"retweet_count":3698,"reply_count":1179,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-04T04:28:28.385Z","media_urls":[],"card":null},{"id":"116671779106880540","text":"Fake News CNN said today, routinely, that my Iran Nuclear Deal doesn’t talk about Nuclear, when actually it states, very clearly, that Iran will not have a Nuclear Weapon. It then goes on, in very strong and lengthy detail, to discuss various other aspects of Nuclear. In fact, that’s what most of the agreement is about. CNN, and so many others in the Fake News Media, is a Low Ratings disaster. Even with new ownership, it is unlikely to ever get better!!! President DJT","created_at":"2026-05-31T23:27:46.933Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":24956,"retweet_count":5851,"reply_count":2261,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-03T19:28:27.651Z","media_urls":[],"card":null},{"id":"116671034709432638","text":"The New York Times wrote a story today entitled, “Trump Administration Sees Striking Exodus of Legal Talent,” as though that’s a bad thing, when actually, it’s very good. The people that are leaving are Radical Left Deep State Lunatics, who are destroying our Country, and Weaponizing Government. Many of them didn’t leave, but were fired! The Failing New York Times writes this, but makes it sound like it’s a terrible thing when actually, it’s just the opposite. We want people that will, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, not people that are trying to destroy our Country, that were put in by Obama and Biden and, in many cases, they shouldn’t have been representing the U.S.A. in the first place. Let them go on to “bigger, better, and brighter” things in the future — I fully support that, and wish them all well! President DONALD J. TRUMP","created_at":"2026-05-31T20:18:28.331Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":27510,"retweet_count":6657,"reply_count":2465,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-03T19:13:27.634Z","media_urls":[],"card":null},{"id":"116670504302792097","text":"Exclusive — Serbian President Aleksandar Vucic: Donald Trump ‘Much More Popular’ in Serbia than Any Other U.S. Leader Because He Is ‘Pragmatic,’ ‘Rational’: https://www.breitbart.com/politics/2026/05/31/exclusive-serbian-president-aleksandar-vucic-donald-trump-much-more-popular-in-serbia-than-any-other-u-s-leader-because-he-is-pragmatic-ration/","created_at":"2026-05-31T18:03:34.972Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":19493,"retweet_count":4382,"reply_count":987,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-03T19:13:27.634Z","media_urls":[],"card":{"url":"https://www.breitbart.com/politics/2026/05/31/exclusive-serbian-president-aleksandar-vucic-donald-trump-much-more-popular-in-serbia-than-any-other-u-s-leader-because-he-is-pragmatic-ration/","title":"Serbian President Aleksandar Vucic: Trump ‘Much More Popular' Because He Is 'Pragmatic'","description":"Serbian President Aleksandar Vucic said President Trump is easily the most popular U.S. political leader in his country in a very long time.","image":"https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/cache/preview_cards/images/072/331/805/original/20593523c9b82ccc.jpg","provider":"www.breitbart.com"}},{"id":"116670475090172621","text":"","created_at":"2026-05-31T17:56:09.224Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":14153,"retweet_count":2795,"reply_count":514,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-03T19:13:27.634Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/670/474/885/624/176/original/e8843c47262ffbff.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"116670474400489159","text":"","created_at":"2026-05-31T17:55:58.696Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":27475,"retweet_count":8005,"reply_count":1734,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-03T18:58:27.632Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/670/474/180/746/519/original/34be4c4ffef1cfab.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"116670469893129623","text":"Congratulations to Congressman Gus Bilirakis, a great guy. He’s MAGA all the way. His first grandchild!","created_at":"2026-05-31T17:54:49.923Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":22935,"retweet_count":3221,"reply_count":767,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-03T18:58:27.632Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/670/443/486/879/520/original/129e42ee4c95bb01.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"116669918375459254","text":"The DronePort at the White House Ballroom will be, perhaps, the most sophisticated anywhere in the World! It will safeguard our Nation’s Capital, Washington, D.C., long into the future. Judge Richard Leon should stop playing games with America’s Security! If anything happens, he will be held responsible for the Death and Destruction caused to our Country. He has already created enough problems by allowing “Top Secret” information to be released and exposed based on a ridiculous lawsuit started by a highly litigious woman (serial plaintiff!) whose “strolling,” in her opinion, will be disturbed by the new, desperately needed structure – In any event, a woman who has absolutely no STANDING! With the advent of highly sophisticated, and powerful, modern day weaponry, we can no longer defend Washington, D.C., with rifles and pistols, alone. This ridiculous lawsuit must be dismissed, IMMEDIATELY! President DONALD J. TRUMP","created_at":"2026-05-31T15:34:34.430Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":24066,"retweet_count":6294,"reply_count":2014,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-03T03:32:39.739Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/669/913/907/429/356/original/c47ff0281fa05152.jpg","https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/669/914/467/825/589/original/a50b59aa68a38971.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"116669915496511361","text":"","created_at":"2026-05-31T15:33:50.501Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":16689,"retweet_count":3000,"reply_count":709,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-03T03:32:39.739Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/669/915/260/951/637/original/b2a2e33248ce1657.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"116669679847650677","text":"","created_at":"2026-05-31T14:33:54.782Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":9897,"retweet_count":2381,"reply_count":511,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-03T03:32:39.739Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/669/677/995/886/926/original/ec6199f53e252ef8.jpg","https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/669/677/996/685/996/original/9320a0313cdc6d95.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"116669679378180328","text":"","created_at":"2026-05-31T14:33:47.624Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":9303,"retweet_count":2285,"reply_count":312,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-03T03:02:39.743Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/669/678/930/480/046/original/e68da0c8b7eee2ce.jpg","https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/669/678/932/349/346/original/980d6e9c5b64d61b.jpg","https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/669/678/930/970/490/original/60b27d30bae39dc8.jpg","https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/669/678/930/841/245/original/8bf92ec0b9e0afea.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"2061093085568966664","text":"Okay chat, it’s been awhile since the previous one.\nAnd a ton of names from $VPG to $ASPI cooked.\nSo crowdsourcing a new list:\nWhat’s your highest conviction ticker that you think can 10x in a short timeframe, and why?","created_at":"2026-05-31T14:30:59.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-01T16:27:55.753Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJp5O-UaQAAiBEF?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"2061093085568966664","sentiment":"bullish","sentiment_score":0.82,"sentiment_reasoning":"The image showcases a 'Hyperbolic 10x ETF' portfolio with overwhelmingly positive Week 1 performance (+12.39% average), with most picks posting double-digit gains. The tweet celebrates past winners and is crowdsourcing the next batch of high-conviction 10x candidates, reflecting strong bullish enthusiasm.","tickers":[{"ticker":"AEHR","asset_type":"stock","context":"Top performer Week 1, +56.72% from $45.08 to $70.65","direction":"long"},{"ticker":"AAOI","asset_type":"stock","context":"2nd best performer Week 1, +39.63% from $108.86 to $152.00","direction":"long"},{"ticker":"SIVE","asset_type":"stock","context":"+35.35% from 9.9 SEK to 13.4 SEK","direction":"long"},{"ticker":"ENAFF","asset_type":"stock","context":"+31.58% from $1.71 to $2.25","direction":"long"},{"ticker":"ENVX","asset_type":"stock","context":"+21.30% from $5.07 to $6.15","direction":"long"},{"ticker":"BZAI","asset_type":"stock","context":"+18.99% from $1.79 to $2.13","direction":"long"},{"ticker":"POET","asset_type":"stock","context":"+16.04% from $6.11 to $7.09","direction":"long"},{"ticker":"WATT","asset_type":"stock","context":"+14.81% from $15.8 to $18.14","direction":"long"},{"ticker":"VPG","asset_type":"stock","context":"+11.63% from $44.7 to $49.90; mentioned in tweet as a name that 'cooked'","direction":"long"},{"ticker":"ASPI","asset_type":"stock","context":"+6.67% from $4.2 to $4.48; mentioned in tweet as a name that 'cooked'","direction":"long"},{"ticker":"FLY","asset_type":"stock","context":"+13.09% from $33.16 to $37.50","direction":"long"},{"ticker":"PLAB","asset_type":"stock","context":"+9.86% from $40.87 to $44.90","direction":"long"},{"ticker":"LASR","asset_type":"stock","context":"+7.92% from $60.7 to $65.51","direction":"long"},{"ticker":"ADUR","asset_type":"stock","context":"-0.29% from $10.37 to $10.34, slight underperformer","direction":"neutral"},{"ticker":"MITK","asset_type":"stock","context":"-2.52% from $13.9 to $13.55, underperformer","direction":"short"},{"ticker":"ALCJ","asset_type":"stock","context":"-3.41% from 2.05 EUR to 1.98 EUR, worst performer","direction":"short"},{"ticker":"HGRAF","asset_type":"stock","context":"+14.48% from $4.49 to $5.14","direction":"long"},{"ticker":"VLN","asset_type":"stock","context":"+13.79% from $1.16 to $1.32","direction":"long"},{"ticker":"TRT","asset_type":"stock","context":"+8.33% from $5.88 to $6.37","direction":"long"}],"signals":[{"type":"alert","asset":"Hyperbolic 10x ETF basket","price":null,"target":null,"stop_loss":null,"leverage":"null","timeframe":"short-term","confidence":"medium","raw_text":"What's your highest conviction ticker that you think can 10x in a short timeframe, and why?"},{"type":"analysis","asset":"AEHR","price":45.08,"target":70.65,"stop_loss":null,"leverage":"null","timeframe":"1 week","confidence":"high","raw_text":"$$AEHR: +56.72% ($45.08 -> $70.65)"},{"type":"analysis","asset":"AAOI","price":108.86,"target":152,"stop_loss":null,"leverage":"null","timeframe":"1 week","confidence":"high","raw_text":"$$AAOI: +39.63% ($108.86 -> $152.00)"}],"key_themes":["High-conviction speculative small/micro-cap picks","Crowdsourced 10x watchlist formation","Strong Week 1 momentum across the prior basket","Multi-sector speculative growth plays","Community-driven portfolio construction"],"domains":["Semiconductors","CPO / Optical Networking","AI / ML","Industrials","Consumer Tech","Biotech / Healthcare","Energy"],"risk_level":"high","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"Based on the prior 'Hyperbolic 10x ETF' list's impressive Week 1 performance, standout names worth watching for a new list include momentum leaders like $AEHR (semiconductors/SiC testing), $AAOI (optical networking), $ENVX (solid-state batteries), $POET (photonics/AI chips), and $BZAI (AI). For the crowdsourced new list, focus on names at the intersection of AI infrastructure, optical networking, and energy storage — sectors that drove the most outsized gains in the prior basket — while avoiding laggards like $MITK and $ALCJ. High risk is inherent given the speculative, small-cap nature of these plays and the explicit goal of 10x returns in a short timeframe.","image_insights":"Screenshot of a 'Hyperbolic 10x ETF' Week 1 performance list showing 24 tickers. Top performers: $AEHR +56.72% ($45.08→$70.65), $AAOI +39.63% ($108.86→$152.00), $SIVE +35.35%, $ENAFF +31.58%, $AL2SI +25.44%. Most names are up double digits. Only 3 losers: $ADUR -0.29%, $MITK -2.52%, $ALCJ -3.41%. Overall portfolio week 1 return: +12.39%.","analyzed_at":"2026-05-31T18:39:08.954Z"}},{"id":"116669658036895323","text":"Counter to The Failing New York Times on the Fake Reflecting Pool story, it will be MAGNIFICENT! President DONALD J. TRUMP","created_at":"2026-05-31T14:28:21.975Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":12304,"retweet_count":2920,"reply_count":549,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-03T02:47:39.717Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/669/655/806/727/748/original/fe05544e2495829a.jpg","https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/669/655/807/218/358/original/a05c2749c094a583.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"116669584003805199","text":"I am pleased to announce that United States Ambassador to Türkiye, Tom Barrack, who has done an outstanding job, will be named Special Presidential Envoy to Syria and, likewise, Special Presidential Envoy to Iraq, as we advance our strategic cooperation with the Governments of Syria and Iraq, our relationship with them continues to grow! Tom will remain Ambassador to Türkiye, and operate with the full backing of the United States Department of State. We greatly appreciate the work that Tom Barrack has done, and his continued willingness to serve our Country. Thank you for your attention to this matter! President DONALD J. TRUMP","created_at":"2026-05-31T14:09:32.323Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":27667,"retweet_count":5157,"reply_count":1121,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-03T02:47:39.717Z","media_urls":[],"card":null},{"id":"116667457759700602","text":"Dhillon wants judge who allegedly attended a Fani Willis event off Georgia election integrity case: https://justthenews.com/government/courts-law/dhillon-moves-recuse-atlanta-judge-over-alleged-attendance-democratic-event","created_at":"2026-05-31T05:08:48.410Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":18809,"retweet_count":4976,"reply_count":1057,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-03T02:32:39.677Z","media_urls":[],"card":{"url":"https://justthenews.com/government/courts-law/dhillon-moves-recuse-atlanta-judge-over-alleged-attendance-democratic-event","title":"Dhillon wants judge who allegedly attended a Fani Willis event off Georgia election integrity case","description":"The judge, whom Dhillon identified as U.S. District Judge Eleanor Ross, allegedly committed judicial misconduct when she attended an event that honored Fulton Count District Attorney Fani Willis.","image":"https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/cache/preview_cards/images/072/270/802/original/e3f118b7b360b2de.jpg","provider":"justthenews.com"}},{"id":"116667455698157827","text":"Cotton over chemicals: How Trump’s USDA is Making America’s Fabric Great Again: https://justthenews.com/government/white-house/cotton-over-chemicals-how-trumps-usda-making-americas-fabric-great-again","created_at":"2026-05-31T05:08:16.951Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":19345,"retweet_count":4984,"reply_count":933,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-03T02:32:39.677Z","media_urls":[],"card":{"url":"https://justthenews.com/government/white-house/cotton-over-chemicals-how-trumps-usda-making-americas-fabric-great-again","title":"Cotton over chemicals: How Trump’s USDA is Making America’s Fabric Great Again","description":"In years past, the U.S. was referred to as \"King Cotton\" for its prodigious output of the fiber wanted by the rest of the world. The \"Plant Not Plastic\" initiative may see a rebirth of that sentiment.","image":"https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/cache/preview_cards/images/072/278/754/original/79996359700a396b.jpg","provider":"justthenews.com"}},{"id":"116667326723211656","text":"The results of my Physical Examination, taken at Walter Reed Military Medical Center, and just released, were extremely good. Unlike other U.S. Presidents, none of whom have ever taken an approved, high difficulty, Cognitive Test, I scored a perfect 30 out of 30, considered “extreme intelligence.” Are the Dumocrats really surprised? In fact, this is my fourth such test, all PERFECT or, 120 correct answers out of 120 questions asked! It is very rare that anyone gets a Perfect Score, especially when achieved four times in a row. All people running for President and Vice President should be forced to take high difficulty Cognitive Tests. Congress, and the Dumocrats, should demand it! President DONALD J. TRUMP","created_at":"2026-05-31T04:35:28.955Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":23366,"retweet_count":5294,"reply_count":2981,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-03T02:32:39.677Z","media_urls":[],"card":null},{"id":"2060929513794515451","text":"中文社区又出了一篇佳作！\n当我发现像磷化铟（InP）衬底这样的产业链瓶颈或关键节点时，我通常会凭主观判断来进行操作。\n这在很大程度上取决于能否准确预判下一次的技术架构演进！\n尤其是去年，当所有人都在说光技术还为时过早、铜互连不会被取代时，我果断做多了光通信供应链。\n看到大家如何解读我的投资思路，并将其转化为更偏算法化、系统化的逻辑，真的非常有意思。百里 🦅: Serenity @aleabitoreddit  是谁？\n前AI研究科学家，Nature论文作者，RISC-V基金会成员，前Reddit散户论坛WallStreetBets知名交易员——因为影响力太大被平台永久封禁。\n真实身份不公开，不露脸，不接受采访，不收费，不卖课。所有研究成果免费公开分享。","created_at":"2026-05-31T03:41:00.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-01T15:57:55.718Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJnB-21aIAAvIuI?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null},{"id":"116667035328008255","text":"RT: https://truthsocial.com/users/realDonaldTrump/statuses/116667034702707989","created_at":"2026-05-31T03:21:22.619Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":16411,"retweet_count":5243,"reply_count":1061,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-03T02:32:39.677Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/667/035/164/719/600/original/75e133f1e987a2b0.png"],"card":null},{"id":"116667034702707989","text":"","created_at":"2026-05-31T03:21:13.077Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":10589,"retweet_count":2352,"reply_count":259,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-03T02:32:39.677Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/667/033/891/327/116/original/1cee824257a2504f.mp4#poster=https%3A%2F%2Fstatic-assets-1.truthsocial.com%2Ftmtg%3Aprime-ts-assets%2Fmedia_attachments%2Fthumbnails%2F116%2F667%2F033%2F891%2F327%2F116%2Foriginal%2F410697110b04901f.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"116667032412157815","text":"","created_at":"2026-05-31T03:20:38.125Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":20726,"retweet_count":5295,"reply_count":1234,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-03T02:32:39.677Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/667/032/226/535/699/original/a630ec341b6c4b24.mp4#poster=https%3A%2F%2Fstatic-assets-1.truthsocial.com%2Ftmtg%3Aprime-ts-assets%2Fmedia_attachments%2Fthumbnails%2F116%2F667%2F032%2F226%2F535%2F699%2Foriginal%2F5ddd8053144c9a1d.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"116666942823439731","text":"","created_at":"2026-05-31T02:57:51.107Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":11710,"retweet_count":3099,"reply_count":592,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-03T01:17:39.588Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/666/941/428/268/368/original/1a462e8ecf4ac75e.mp4#poster=https%3A%2F%2Fstatic-assets-1.truthsocial.com%2Ftmtg%3Aprime-ts-assets%2Fmedia_attachments%2Fthumbnails%2F116%2F666%2F941%2F428%2F268%2F368%2Foriginal%2F758abe0419c988f0.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"116666939433642821","text":"","created_at":"2026-05-31T02:56:59.387Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":9529,"retweet_count":2421,"reply_count":335,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-03T01:17:39.588Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/666/938/599/557/233/original/2cca5104e1efcb57.mp4#poster=https%3A%2F%2Fstatic-assets-1.truthsocial.com%2Ftmtg%3Aprime-ts-assets%2Fmedia_attachments%2Fthumbnails%2F116%2F666%2F938%2F599%2F557%2F233%2Foriginal%2F527da7ee3b47dd67.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"2060896847695384736","text":"I wonder if my chokepoint investment theory…\nWith $AXTI to $SOI to $SIVE will be studied in future history books?\nRegardless, I think everyone here is a part of making history.\nGiven Reuters to Institutions to Countries are reacting to supply chain game theory with Serenity.","created_at":"2026-05-31T01:31:12.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-01T15:27:55.681Z","media_urls":[],"card":null},{"id":"116666242491370108","text":"Watch my interview with my fantastic daughter-in-law, Lara Trump, tonight at 9:00 - FoxNews. President DJT","created_at":"2026-05-30T23:59:44.891Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":18563,"retweet_count":3514,"reply_count":1374,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-03T01:17:39.588Z","media_urls":[],"card":null},{"id":"116666229070254122","text":"Watch Mark Levin tonight at 8:00. A BIG SHOW!","created_at":"2026-05-30T23:56:20.098Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":13348,"retweet_count":2428,"reply_count":771,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-03T01:17:39.588Z","media_urls":[],"card":null},{"id":"2060872630111228150","text":"Just to add some actual pressure in terms of repercussions…\nIf you see folks spreading disinformation:\n-> Report Account for Spam\n-> Block Account.\nReplying has the opposite effect and just gives disinformation campaigns engagement.\nSerenity: I think $SIVE should just become a full American company, and use NASDAQ listing as the first step.\n> US cap table / large ownership + US CHIPS act support already\n> larger valuation premiums + M&A opportunities.\n> local Swedish media blatant disinformation from underwater","created_at":"2026-05-30T23:54:58.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-01T15:12:55.650Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJmwu6NaAAAMpxn?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJmwu6NaMAARtiY?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null},{"id":"116666021445682015","text":"$35","created_at":"2026-05-30T23:03:32.000Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":26523,"retweet_count":6891,"reply_count":4107,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-03T01:17:39.588Z","media_urls":[],"card":null},{"id":"2060855976513941567","text":"I think $SIVE should just become a full American company, and use NASDAQ listing as the first step.\n> US cap table / large ownership + US CHIPS act support already\n> larger valuation premiums + M&A opportunities.\n> local Swedish media blatant disinformation from underwater short sellers, isn’t helpful for AI photonics growth\n> lot of more funding opportunities + support from US institutions / funds / indexes\nBy preserving EU efforts under a subsidiary and having a US parent company.\nThis helps Sivers become a major US optical player, not just a Swedish semi trying to explain itself to local markets that doesn’t understand.\nI do think management sees a path forward for $SIVE to become the next dominant US photonics giant like $LITE.","created_at":"2026-05-30T22:48:48.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-01T14:27:55.582Z","media_urls":[],"card":null},{"id":"116665961327760060","text":"See, they have a Ballroom — It’s called The Great Hall of China! It’s very large and beautiful. Why do people fight me for having something even better? The Dumocrats are CRAZY! President DONALD J. TRUMP","created_at":"2026-05-30T22:48:14.672Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":21682,"retweet_count":4609,"reply_count":1632,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-03T00:32:39.510Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/665/960/645/500/479/original/67ff4b2ced667dca.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"116665861715483617","text":"","created_at":"2026-05-30T22:22:54.710Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":9142,"retweet_count":1862,"reply_count":359,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-03T00:32:39.510Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/665/861/612/002/091/original/d5b944b7a18ae6e5.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"116665820664629822","text":"","created_at":"2026-05-30T22:12:28.326Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":8860,"retweet_count":1698,"reply_count":308,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-03T00:02:39.420Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/665/820/495/385/273/original/dffcf06b13b1704b.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"116665818883066546","text":"","created_at":"2026-05-30T22:12:01.141Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":8404,"retweet_count":1629,"reply_count":272,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-03T00:02:39.420Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/665/818/746/112/125/original/c995573d4e84228e.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"116665810813312667","text":"With King Charles at the White House! President DONALD J. TRUMP","created_at":"2026-05-30T22:09:58.006Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":9233,"retweet_count":1738,"reply_count":289,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-03T00:02:39.420Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/665/790/845/752/204/original/48085fe65c089486.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"116665809433094632","text":"","created_at":"2026-05-30T22:09:36.944Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":11274,"retweet_count":2680,"reply_count":325,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-02T21:06:30.589Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/665/809/288/165/257/original/0613ea0d160fd51c.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"116665808989182193","text":"","created_at":"2026-05-30T22:09:30.170Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":11774,"retweet_count":2767,"reply_count":262,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-02T18:18:26.144Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/665/808/837/410/773/original/ecac3ea8218684ab.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"116665808471538811","text":"","created_at":"2026-05-30T22:09:22.271Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":11158,"retweet_count":2498,"reply_count":242,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-02T18:18:26.144Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/665/808/342/210/918/original/c3e2a3f657c1e3e8.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"116665739443187491","text":"","created_at":"2026-05-30T21:51:48.986Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":12934,"retweet_count":2902,"reply_count":630,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-02T17:48:26.172Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/665/739/310/038/893/original/4eec1566d9d2d54e.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"116665736428394767","text":"","created_at":"2026-05-30T21:51:02.978Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":12896,"retweet_count":2883,"reply_count":637,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-02T17:33:26.183Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/665/736/263/760/089/original/b6ba78cc997a2bdf.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"116665735685754803","text":"","created_at":"2026-05-30T21:50:51.649Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":12450,"retweet_count":2883,"reply_count":608,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-02T16:48:26.138Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/665/734/759/074/456/original/b4eca3843edb1431.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"116665734361826694","text":"","created_at":"2026-05-30T21:50:31.449Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":14123,"retweet_count":4100,"reply_count":804,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-02T13:03:25.839Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/665/734/145/416/868/original/79e915d08de25bd8.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"116665692602534272","text":"","created_at":"2026-05-30T21:39:54.250Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":14320,"retweet_count":4126,"reply_count":765,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-02T12:33:25.799Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/665/692/332/619/125/original/578e25505e2b0d7c.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"116665690385585039","text":"","created_at":"2026-05-30T21:39:20.423Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":11667,"retweet_count":2490,"reply_count":502,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-02T12:18:25.775Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/665/690/033/385/348/original/abd400a69131b3cc.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"116665687705800321","text":"","created_at":"2026-05-30T21:38:39.535Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":12623,"retweet_count":2768,"reply_count":428,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-02T11:18:25.664Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/665/687/566/094/081/original/c8065bbf6dea6d83.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"116665684409292375","text":"","created_at":"2026-05-30T21:37:49.231Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":13175,"retweet_count":3082,"reply_count":715,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-02T03:58:38.412Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/665/684/213/985/174/original/5cccdb317971e7e6.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"116665683584351320","text":"","created_at":"2026-05-30T21:37:36.644Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":11144,"retweet_count":2395,"reply_count":220,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-02T03:28:38.355Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/665/683/429/988/475/original/20f341e48d74337a.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"116665682753024406","text":"","created_at":"2026-05-30T21:37:23.959Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":10517,"retweet_count":2226,"reply_count":424,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-02T03:28:38.355Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/665/682/562/950/927/original/e01e39163b113c1c.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"116665681864902555","text":"","created_at":"2026-05-30T21:37:10.411Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":12206,"retweet_count":2829,"reply_count":413,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-02T03:28:38.355Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/665/681/620/047/419/original/178c47d687e3c92e.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"116665681079242023","text":"","created_at":"2026-05-30T21:36:58.422Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":10359,"retweet_count":2416,"reply_count":280,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-02T02:58:38.317Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/665/680/717/350/503/original/f7676191b1eb4695.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"116665677662591058","text":"","created_at":"2026-05-30T21:36:06.289Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":11399,"retweet_count":2817,"reply_count":555,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-02T02:58:38.317Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/665/677/073/275/423/original/836481634c8f937c.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"116665674551482689","text":"","created_at":"2026-05-30T21:35:18.813Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":11616,"retweet_count":3192,"reply_count":448,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-02T02:58:38.317Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/665/674/387/440/122/original/ddf4ab1decb5dd53.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"2060837455881031876","text":"Very grateful for the objective coverage in De Tijd!\nIt’s cool to see my work in Belgium's top newspaper.\nAlso very refreshing to see a journalist cover $AAOI, $XFAB, $MRVL Celestial, and the nuances behind my supply chain thesis in CPO + Photonics.\nTy KLismont for the photo.\nEllen Vermorgen: 🙏my aim is true :- )\nto inform small-scale investors as clearly, objectively & fairly as possible","created_at":"2026-05-30T21:35:12.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-30T23:58:42.793Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJmQvZzbgAA4dIV?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJmQvZzaQAAIg5b?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null},{"id":"116665672570773132","text":"","created_at":"2026-05-30T21:34:48.594Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":10798,"retweet_count":2572,"reply_count":265,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-02T02:58:38.317Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/665/672/438/386/113/original/46cf849f8828508a.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"116665671600647895","text":"","created_at":"2026-05-30T21:34:33.787Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":10160,"retweet_count":2252,"reply_count":166,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-02T02:43:38.330Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/665/670/991/159/632/original/3c3e147036822414.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"116665670037101828","text":"","created_at":"2026-05-30T21:34:09.933Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":10158,"retweet_count":2214,"reply_count":123,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-02T01:43:38.241Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/665/669/819/031/142/original/24fce49f9f96143d.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"116665669090930187","text":"","created_at":"2026-05-30T21:33:55.492Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":10168,"retweet_count":2265,"reply_count":141,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-02T01:28:43.217Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/665/668/917/617/022/original/fc5189c6bf4bc8d0.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"116665667978930577","text":"","created_at":"2026-05-30T21:33:38.527Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":9868,"retweet_count":2134,"reply_count":158,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-02T01:28:43.217Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/665/667/758/520/105/original/e85023e38956d0d6.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"2060833534814867479","text":"The “You’re So Rich Now” $NVDA ETF.\nThese were just some of the supply chain partners Jensen made a toast to with that comment:\nTSMC (http://2330.TW / TSM) - $1.95T\nMicron (MU) - $1.10T\nDelta (http://2308.TW) - $202.28B\nAmphenol ( $APH )- $183.00B\nFoxconn (http://2317.TW) - $128.88B\nVertiv Holdings ( $VRT ) - $121.26B\nLuxshare (http://002475.SZ) - $78.99B\nSTMicroelectronics ( $STM )- $61.60B\nUnimicron (http://3037.TW) - $52.90B\nAsia Vital (http://3017.TW) - $33.27B\nLite-On (http://2301.TW) - $16.97B\nKing Slide Works (http://2059.TW) - $15.35B\nBizLink Holding (http://3665.TW) - $12.95B\nMegmeet Electrical (http://002851.SZ) - $10.78B\nInnoscience (http://2577.HK) - $8.30B\nChenbro Micom (http://8210.TW) - $5.44B\nJPC (http://6197.TW) - $1.15B\nWUS Printed Circuit (http://2316.TW) - $972M","created_at":"2026-05-30T21:19:37.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-01T12:27:55.438Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJmNLLWaUAAUD1L?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null},{"id":"116665527815377503","text":"The DronePort on the roof of the White House Ballroom! President DONALD J. TRUMP","created_at":"2026-05-30T20:57:59.802Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":21347,"retweet_count":4801,"reply_count":984,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-02T01:28:43.217Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/665/520/369/451/546/original/f36e36221bf745fb.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"116665515357216557","text":"","created_at":"2026-05-30T20:54:49.702Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":12431,"retweet_count":2661,"reply_count":625,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-02T01:28:43.217Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/665/515/121/630/182/original/d4b2e87a41e7e2c8.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"116665431926784379","text":"Someone should explain to the Pope that the Mayor of Chicago is useless, and that Iran cannot have a Nuclear Weapon! President DONALD J. TRUMP","created_at":"2026-05-30T20:33:36.658Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":13586,"retweet_count":3544,"reply_count":1291,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-02T01:28:43.217Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/665/431/340/411/922/original/062c66e940b5e038.jpg","https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/665/431/340/583/375/original/80ab34171fcf67ca.png"],"card":null},{"id":"2060806434963763294","text":"Everyone is out there making life changing returns on $RDDT.\nFully leveraged on the wrong $SPCE (Virgin Galactic) ticker.\nInstead of $SPCX, which is yet to launch.\nI guess this just goes to show how much retail demand there is for SpaceX’s IPO.","created_at":"2026-05-30T19:31:56.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-01T12:27:55.438Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJl0h0UaAAEsvfJ?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJl0h0UbIAAd64q?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJl0h0TaAAAVlqG?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"2060806434963763294","sentiment":"mixed","sentiment_score":0.4,"sentiment_reasoning":"Bullish on SPCE due to SpaceX IPO speculation driving massive retail-fueled gains (+120.71% in 5 days), but the tweet is ironic/cautionary — traders are piling into the wrong ticker (SPCE/Virgin Galactic instead of SPCX). Overall bullish momentum is real but driven by confusion, making it a mixed signal.","tickers":[{"ticker":"SPCE","asset_type":"stock","context":"Virgin Galactic being mistakenly bought by retail traders expecting SpaceX IPO exposure; up 120.71% in 5 days; massive call option gains shown in portfolio screenshots","direction":"long"},{"ticker":"SPCX","asset_type":"stock","context":"Mentioned as the correct SpaceX-related ticker (yet to launch); retail demand misdirected to SPCE instead","direction":"neutral"},{"ticker":"RDDT","asset_type":"stock","context":"Mentioned sarcastically as a stock others made life-changing returns on, contrasting with the SPCE mispositioning","direction":"neutral"}],"signals":[{"type":"analysis","asset":"SPCE","price":6.18,"target":null,"stop_loss":null,"leverage":null,"timeframe":"5D","confidence":"high","raw_text":"SPCE up +3.38 (+120.71%) past 5 days; retail piling into wrong SpaceX ticker"},{"type":"analysis","asset":"SPCE $4 Call","price":2.77,"target":null,"stop_loss":null,"leverage":null,"timeframe":null,"confidence":"high","raw_text":"500 contracts SPCE $4 Call, avg cost $0.50, current $2.77, market value $138,500"},{"type":"analysis","asset":"SPCE 6/18/26 $3.5C","price":2.075,"target":null,"stop_loss":null,"leverage":null,"timeframe":"2026-06-18","confidence":"high","raw_text":"200x SPCE 6/18/26 3.5C at $2.075, +$37,567.62 (+955.34%)"}],"key_themes":["SpaceX IPO retail speculation","Wrong ticker confusion (SPCE vs SPCX)","Massive short-term call option gains","Retail-driven meme-like momentum","Pre-IPO anticipation driving unrelated stock"],"domains":["Options Flow","Industrials","Consumer Tech"],"risk_level":"high","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"Retail traders are mistakenly buying SPCE (Virgin Galactic) instead of SPCX in anticipation of a SpaceX IPO, causing SPCE to surge 120%+ in 5 days and generating enormous call option profits (up to 955%+ gains shown in screenshots). The tweet highlights the irony and massive retail demand for SpaceX exposure, with the move being fundamentally misplaced but financially rewarding for those long calls.","image_insights":"Image 1: SPCE (Virgin Galactic) 5-day chart showing a massive rally from ~$2.80 to $6.18, +120.71% over 5 days as of May 29 close. Image 2: Portfolio screenshot (u/Satorius96) showing SPCE call options — 100x SPCE 6/18/26 $3C at $2.34 (+521.32% gain, +$19,633) and 200x SPCE 6/18/26 $3.5C at $2.075 (+955.34% gain, +$37,567); total options portfolio ~$96,792 up +157.33%. Image 3: Another trader (u/SHOLOLOLOLOLOLO) showing 500 contracts of SPCE $4 Call at avg cost $0.50, current price $2.77, market value $138,500 — a ~454% gain.","analyzed_at":"2026-05-31T01:25:36.445Z"}},{"id":"116665133051752156","text":"Watch Lara Trump tonight on FoxNews at 9 P.M. EST. She interviews me for the entire Show! President DJT","created_at":"2026-05-30T19:17:36.251Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":13709,"retweet_count":3410,"reply_count":844,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-02T01:28:43.217Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/665/130/863/805/975/original/969acd92914740f0.mp4#poster=https%3A%2F%2Fstatic-assets-1.truthsocial.com%2Ftmtg%3Aprime-ts-assets%2Fmedia_attachments%2Fthumbnails%2F116%2F665%2F130%2F863%2F805%2F975%2Foriginal%2F9ba57461feddfde3.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"116665041851243125","text":"","created_at":"2026-05-30T18:54:24.574Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":14430,"retweet_count":3198,"reply_count":1040,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-02T01:28:43.217Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/665/041/651/286/369/original/f5721bdddc328943.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"116664810828313809","text":"","created_at":"2026-05-30T17:55:39.446Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":15334,"retweet_count":2855,"reply_count":1037,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-02T01:28:43.217Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/664/810/676/268/738/original/a232f20fde83d10c.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"116664658424115630","text":"","created_at":"2026-05-30T17:16:53.943Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":18832,"retweet_count":3862,"reply_count":1192,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-02T01:28:43.217Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/664/658/255/148/387/original/4c4b00247cb9c470.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"116664657914643151","text":"","created_at":"2026-05-30T17:16:46.169Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":17170,"retweet_count":3315,"reply_count":560,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-02T01:28:43.217Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/664/657/744/664/972/original/6a848461181b4322.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"116664657331187924","text":"","created_at":"2026-05-30T17:16:37.261Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":16464,"retweet_count":3211,"reply_count":385,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-02T01:28:43.217Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/664/657/165/999/836/original/dd47f2276af0a710.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"116664605114382787","text":"","created_at":"2026-05-30T17:03:20.502Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":20119,"retweet_count":5004,"reply_count":1658,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-02T01:28:43.217Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/664/604/994/404/845/original/322844102544b24f.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"116664576257157897","text":"Tom Brady is a great player, and great guy!President DJT","created_at":"2026-05-30T16:56:00.169Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":14317,"retweet_count":2717,"reply_count":351,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-02T01:28:43.217Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/664/570/162/674/816/original/c73c78b4d78cb640.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"116664536700150219","text":"PRESIDENT DONALD J. TRUMP vs. Kathy Hochul, New York’s failed Governor who, if people are smart, will vote for Bruce Blakeman — He will, MAKE NEW YORK GREAT AGAIN! President DJT","created_at":"2026-05-30T16:45:56.582Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":17523,"retweet_count":4118,"reply_count":768,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-02T01:28:43.217Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/664/530/925/571/067/original/5e3918faa14ed475.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"116664418957601249","text":"Thank you Jaxson! It was great being with you. I know you’re taking some heat from the Radical Left Lunatics who are jealous of you, me, and everyone who surrounds us but, I also know that your Jersey also went to Number One, and you’re making Millions of Dollars so, YOU ARE A WINNER — THEY ARE ALL LOSERS. I’ll see you in the White House! President DJT","created_at":"2026-05-30T16:15:59.969Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":26972,"retweet_count":5436,"reply_count":927,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-02T01:28:43.217Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/664/416/461/067/327/original/c766f53951f60498.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"116664409242115443","text":"","created_at":"2026-05-30T16:13:31.728Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":12155,"retweet_count":2781,"reply_count":369,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-02T01:28:43.217Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/664/408/050/672/665/original/c8e8219b49851b90.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"116664407473547709","text":"","created_at":"2026-05-30T16:13:04.737Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":11754,"retweet_count":2608,"reply_count":411,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-02T01:28:43.217Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/664/407/299/085/669/original/d3b0df7ae4656ab9.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"116664404693162189","text":"","created_at":"2026-05-30T16:12:22.316Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":11227,"retweet_count":2426,"reply_count":359,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-02T01:28:43.217Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/664/402/319/504/897/original/fe90669926fba2e6.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"116664404638689204","text":"The Reflecting Pool, built between The Lincoln Memorial and The Washington Monument, which was destroyed by Barack Hussein Obama and Sleepy Joe Biden after spending Hundreds of Millions of Dollars trying to fix it (It only got worse!), is moving along nicely, and we should easily make the July 4th date. It will be SPECTACULAR, and good, without leaks, for 100 years, at a fraction of the cost! President DONALD J. TRUMP","created_at":"2026-05-30T16:12:21.484Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":23749,"retweet_count":5063,"reply_count":1001,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-02T01:28:43.217Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/664/403/883/897/970/original/ad51fee598394cca.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"116664401396544221","text":"","created_at":"2026-05-30T16:11:32.011Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":9769,"retweet_count":2200,"reply_count":270,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-02T01:28:43.217Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/664/401/240/652/956/original/5f43e6d483d04b3a.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"116664400893849990","text":"","created_at":"2026-05-30T16:11:24.340Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":9921,"retweet_count":2103,"reply_count":181,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-02T01:28:43.217Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/664/400/721/663/580/original/4edb11f717f99d27.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"116664400255959135","text":"","created_at":"2026-05-30T16:11:14.609Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":10444,"retweet_count":2460,"reply_count":555,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-02T01:28:43.217Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/664/400/132/380/722/original/912c4cfdd69b33a5.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"116664399428957262","text":"","created_at":"2026-05-30T16:11:01.990Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":11053,"retweet_count":2510,"reply_count":300,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-02T01:28:43.217Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/664/399/296/604/753/original/24e49a46874fb77a.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"116664396713705542","text":"","created_at":"2026-05-30T16:10:20.557Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":10993,"retweet_count":2353,"reply_count":186,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-02T01:28:43.217Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/664/396/606/744/083/original/0dea79a0dc7f3bfc.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"2060755595515547753","text":"Hot take: Given $MSFT laptops/PCs are now likely using $NVDA hardware.\nThey might have a shot of taking down $AAPL.\nOnly if Windows OS UI weren’t a flaming pile of garbage compared to how clean Apple OS is.\nYou would think a $3T company would know better UI design by now?","created_at":"2026-05-30T16:09:55.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-01T10:27:55.265Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJlGSjzbwAAe0yF?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null},{"id":"116664394293246489","text":"","created_at":"2026-05-30T16:09:43.626Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":11727,"retweet_count":2384,"reply_count":245,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-02T01:28:43.217Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/664/394/160/930/300/original/1619b33b233476ac.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"116664393553709550","text":"","created_at":"2026-05-30T16:09:32.336Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":11863,"retweet_count":2867,"reply_count":236,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-02T01:14:32.027Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/664/393/419/717/828/original/9af30e9805fea182.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"116664392227372669","text":"","created_at":"2026-05-30T16:09:12.104Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":10052,"retweet_count":2929,"reply_count":521,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-02T01:14:32.027Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/664/392/084/240/821/original/16c243b5c7f1debc.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"116664367963376218","text":"$36","created_at":"2026-05-30T16:03:01.863Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":40080,"retweet_count":9578,"reply_count":5171,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-02T01:14:32.027Z","media_urls":[],"card":null},{"id":"116664181157116570","text":"$37","created_at":"2026-05-30T15:15:31.422Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":21074,"retweet_count":6190,"reply_count":3007,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-02T01:14:32.027Z","media_urls":[],"card":null},{"id":"2060737673502110207","text":"What an unholy ramp for glass core substrates… (GNC/SEMI projections)\nFrom 2028 onward with 67.2% forecasted compound growth.\nDon’t really agree with the chart though, since it should be H2 2026 (start) / H1 2027 (ramp up) rather than 2028?\nBut regardless overall trend for $LPK to SKC Absolics (011790.KS) is directionally right and very strong.\nI still think CPO is probably the most of exponential paradigm shift out of any technology trend though.\nBut always good to get exposure to multiple.","created_at":"2026-05-30T14:58:42.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-30T15:13:42.126Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJk1_ZsaoAAJwg_?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null},{"id":"2060724057633599982","text":"Yo no sé cuántas personas hablan español en X...\n¿Es verdad este post?\nHablo un poco porque jugué fútbol en Mexico por dos o tres años\nVoy a publicar un thesis sobre CPO o $AAOI en español si hay muchas personas que leer mi post jaja\nLo siento, mi español es malo","created_at":"2026-05-30T14:04:36.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-01T09:42:55.201Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJkpm65bUAEWFYE?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null},{"id":"2060685584365150508","text":"Per Foxconn shareholder meeting:\nCPO switch products expected to begin Q3. 10K units 2026, explosive grow to next year.\nAims/expected to be #1 globally.\nAnyone remember which Foxconn subsidiary handles their advanced optical work?\ncough.. cough.. Shunsin (6451).\nLot of these exponentially scaling volume shipments won’t show up in balance sheet yet, but will likely soon H2.\nThis is called frontrunning the next supercycle.","created_at":"2026-05-30T11:31:43.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-01T07:28:05.861Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJkGnOvbgAA8lrj?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null},{"id":"2060628856445501924","text":"Yep, I now have: Half a Million followers!\nThank you everyone.\nI think this virality validates how refreshing people find it…\nWhen someone posts compelling ideas and research for free.\nEspecially while focusing on substance instead of a focus on selling you expensive paywalls.\nMarkets are positive-sum where everyone benefits if a thesis is directionally correct.\nAnd I hope this signals an end of an era to all the grifters out there:\nWho sell stock picks for hundreds a month or use their flashy private jets/net worth to try and validate their ideas.\nAs well as a lot of the media/institutions out there that work against retail investors.\nI’m only here to help out retail by sharing ideas and my thoughts.\nAnd I’m staying true to that mission regardless of any high offers I get for ads or any offers from institutions…\nAnd I’m especially not changing, despite any new follower counts I have.\nThanks everyone for the support!\nみみりん@投資系女子: @aleabitoreddit きみ、50万人フォロワーに今日中にいくんじゃいか？","created_at":"2026-05-30T07:46:18.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-01T06:15:06.588Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJjTBXxa8AAYQ8I?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null},{"id":"2060615296357196178","text":"> markets went from doubting $SIVE customers ($150m MC)\nTurns out it’s likely companies eg. $JBL, Ayar, $AAPL, Defense Primes, $MRVL celestial.\n> to doubting their execution ($600m mc)\nTurns out you skip the capex if you go with Win Semi\n> to doubting what share they get vs competitors like $LITE ($1.2B mc)\nTurns out it’s likely sole source for companies like $JBL and primary suppliers for Ayar.\n> to doubting their revenue opportunities ($2B MC)\nTurns out they got 77% pipeline growth in just a few months\n> to doubting their partners like Win Semi’s ability to scale (we are here)\nAnyone who thinks Win Semi… one of the worlds most important foundries for $AVGO, $LITE, SpaceX supply chains…\ncan’t scale capability by 2028 is a stupid bear.\nWe’re at the point where US retail investors acquired the float off Swedish investors.\nBut I’m expecting US institutions to find a way to shake out US retail like they did with $NBIS or $RKLB before the next supercycle.","created_at":"2026-05-30T06:52:25.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-01T04:15:06.382Z","media_urls":[],"card":null},{"id":"2060597940461486513","text":"$38","created_at":"2026-05-30T05:43:27.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-01T01:55:26.791Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJi25yTbcAAlOQJ?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null},{"id":"116661707551593139","text":"RT: https://truthsocial.com/users/realDonaldTrump/statuses/116661706730496718","created_at":"2026-05-30T04:46:27.293Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":18569,"retweet_count":7291,"reply_count":1947,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-02T01:14:32.027Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/661/707/324/540/977/original/73d93e349c8c5c1f.png"],"card":null},{"id":"116661706730496718","text":"","created_at":"2026-05-30T04:46:14.669Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":12428,"retweet_count":3342,"reply_count":476,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-02T01:14:32.027Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/661/706/088/108/828/original/074d17d4cdc62b59.mp4#poster=https%3A%2F%2Fstatic-assets-1.truthsocial.com%2Ftmtg%3Aprime-ts-assets%2Fmedia_attachments%2Fthumbnails%2F116%2F661%2F706%2F088%2F108%2F828%2Foriginal%2Ff03a583843e5d996.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"2060578117320904884","text":"I still find it funny how all the software bros are happy about a 10-15% recovery with $CRM to $FIG.\nAfter getting wiped 25-60% of their portfolio.\nMeanwhile all the AI names from $SNDK to $AAOI are casually up 200-1000%.","created_at":"2026-05-30T04:24:41.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-01T00:55:26.703Z","media_urls":[],"card":null},{"id":"116661452379709751","text":"RT: https://truthsocial.com/users/realDonaldTrump/statuses/116661451693288924","created_at":"2026-05-30T03:41:33.586Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":15609,"retweet_count":5211,"reply_count":1817,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-02T01:14:32.027Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/661/452/259/171/580/original/f801fd74b84d73fa.png"],"card":null},{"id":"116661451693288924","text":"","created_at":"2026-05-30T03:41:23.113Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":10748,"retweet_count":2727,"reply_count":767,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-02T01:14:32.027Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/661/451/375/598/262/original/3c97872fb42d1400.mp4#poster=https%3A%2F%2Fstatic-assets-1.truthsocial.com%2Ftmtg%3Aprime-ts-assets%2Fmedia_attachments%2Fthumbnails%2F116%2F661%2F451%2F375%2F598%2F262%2Foriginal%2F8522835373186bd4.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"116661444515288014","text":"Dhillon wants judge who allegedly attended a Fani Willis event off Georgia election integrity case: https://justthenews.com/government/courts-law/dhillon-moves-recuse-atlanta-judge-over-alleged-attendance-democratic-event","created_at":"2026-05-30T03:39:33.585Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":15489,"retweet_count":4414,"reply_count":516,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-02T01:14:32.027Z","media_urls":[],"card":{"url":"https://justthenews.com/government/courts-law/dhillon-moves-recuse-atlanta-judge-over-alleged-attendance-democratic-event","title":"Dhillon wants judge who allegedly attended a Fani Willis event off Georgia election integrity case","description":"The judge, whom Dhillon identified as U.S. District Judge Eleanor Ross, allegedly committed judicial misconduct when she attended an event that honored Fulton Count District Attorney Fani Willis.","image":"https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/cache/preview_cards/images/072/270/802/original/e3f118b7b360b2de.jpg","provider":"justthenews.com"}},{"id":"2060536520952754374","text":"$39","created_at":"2026-05-30T01:39:24.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-01T00:25:26.639Z","media_urls":[],"card":null},{"id":"116660696782546784","text":"$3a","created_at":"2026-05-30T00:29:24.092Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":19800,"retweet_count":5365,"reply_count":2253,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-02T01:14:32.027Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/660/695/953/981/422/original/7e72896c70001a68.png","https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/660/695/953/981/420/original/aa8552407e5cf5fe.png","https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/660/695/953/906/207/original/4604f8b11ae96aa6.png","https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/660/695/953/981/421/original/9788abf3f76fc221.png"],"card":null},{"id":"116660095799513934","text":"It is my Great Honor to endorse MAGA Warrior, Mike Mazzei, who is running for Governor of Oklahoma, a State which I love, and WON BIG — All 77 out of 77 Counties in 2016, 2020, and 2024, and with the Highest Popular Vote Count, EVER!As a successful Businessman, and former Chairman of the State Senate Finance Committee, and later, as Oklahoma’s Secretary of Budget, Mike knows the AMERICA FIRST Policies required to Grow our Economy, Create GREAT Jobs, Cut Taxes and Regulations, Promote MADE IN THE U.S.A., and Unleash American Energy DOMINANCE. As your next Governor, Mike will fight tirelessly to Support our Amazing Farmers and Ranchers, Keep our Border SECURE, Stop Migrant Crime, Ensure LAW AND ORDER, Strengthen our Military/Veterans, and Defend our always under siege Second Amendment.Mike Mazzei has my Complete and Total Endorsement to be the next Governor of Oklahoma — HE WILL NEVER LET YOU DOWN!","created_at":"2026-05-29T21:56:33.815Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":16624,"retweet_count":3808,"reply_count":951,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-02T01:14:32.027Z","media_urls":[],"card":null},{"id":"116660051960105935","text":"$3b","created_at":"2026-05-29T21:45:24.874Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":15864,"retweet_count":3704,"reply_count":705,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-02T01:14:32.027Z","media_urls":[],"card":null},{"id":"116659958155235373","text":"$3c","created_at":"2026-05-29T21:21:33.530Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":20367,"retweet_count":6011,"reply_count":4620,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-02T01:14:32.027Z","media_urls":[],"card":null},{"id":"116659423633673489","text":"https://trumprx.gov","created_at":"2026-05-29T19:05:37.381Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":14781,"retweet_count":3845,"reply_count":970,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-02T01:14:32.027Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/659/417/617/582/446/original/3cab3891bebf0410.mp4#poster=https%3A%2F%2Fstatic-assets-1.truthsocial.com%2Ftmtg%3Aprime-ts-assets%2Fmedia_attachments%2Fthumbnails%2F116%2F659%2F417%2F617%2F582%2F446%2Foriginal%2F3640b1c299068952.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"116659203052887061","text":"","created_at":"2026-05-29T18:09:31.648Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":9138,"retweet_count":1997,"reply_count":449,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-02T01:14:32.027Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/659/202/843/543/749/original/855c94894c261379.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"116659202486274285","text":"","created_at":"2026-05-29T18:09:23.004Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":8862,"retweet_count":1832,"reply_count":216,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-02T01:14:32.027Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/659/202/239/651/996/original/29eb7d72d94a33a8.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"116659200660268047","text":"RT: https://truthsocial.com/users/realDonaldTrump/statuses/116659199101518195","created_at":"2026-05-29T18:08:55.169Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":10582,"retweet_count":2413,"reply_count":307,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-02T01:14:32.027Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/659/200/326/069/978/original/f6143ecb2382a3cb.png"],"card":null},{"id":"116659199101518195","text":"RT: https://truthsocial.com/users/realDonaldTrump/statuses/116659197799313118","created_at":"2026-05-29T18:08:31.384Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":10593,"retweet_count":2320,"reply_count":299,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-02T01:14:32.027Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/659/198/891/422/804/original/a3abf64a3e9e7106.png"],"card":null},{"id":"116659197799313118","text":"","created_at":"2026-05-29T18:08:11.485Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":8774,"retweet_count":1710,"reply_count":185,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-02T01:14:32.027Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/659/197/486/315/510/original/1d0b8e1bde556cb8.mp4#poster=https%3A%2F%2Fstatic-assets-1.truthsocial.com%2Ftmtg%3Aprime-ts-assets%2Fmedia_attachments%2Fthumbnails%2F116%2F659%2F197%2F486%2F315%2F510%2Foriginal%2Fc9ac525ab8864edf.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"116659197463770070","text":"So unfair to Tina Peters — 9 years vs. ZERO! President DJT","created_at":"2026-05-29T18:08:06.366Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":9516,"retweet_count":2960,"reply_count":436,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-02T01:14:32.027Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/659/193/362/117/943/original/cc65dbc499b773c9.png"],"card":null},{"id":"116659191582375401","text":"","created_at":"2026-05-29T18:06:36.623Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":7300,"retweet_count":1745,"reply_count":231,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-01T21:42:56.096Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/659/191/123/947/899/original/16dee2838281e6a8.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"116659190013083049","text":"","created_at":"2026-05-29T18:06:12.610Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":10763,"retweet_count":2781,"reply_count":421,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-01T18:57:55.939Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/659/189/672/220/795/original/f7256a950c956a0d.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"116659181152746981","text":"How a Trump Loyalist Manages One of the Toughest Jobs in Diplomacy: https://www.wsj.com/world/europe/how-a-trump-loyalist-manages-one-of-the-toughest-jobs-in-diplomacy-d56cc978","created_at":"2026-05-29T18:03:57.413Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":6670,"retweet_count":1587,"reply_count":108,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-01T17:42:55.846Z","media_urls":[],"card":{"url":"https://www.wsj.com/world/europe/how-a-trump-loyalist-manages-one-of-the-toughest-jobs-in-diplomacy-d56cc978","title":"How a Trump Loyalist Manages One of the Toughest Jobs in Diplomacy","description":"Andrew Puzder, a former fast-food executive, is trying to build bridges with Europe at a time of deep trans-Atlantic tensions.","image":"https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/cache/preview_cards/images/072/256/622/original/2eda32d44c729199.jpeg","provider":"www.wsj.com"}},{"id":"116659174350335809","text":"US ambassador: EU must honor its trade deal with Trump: https://www.politico.eu/article/us-ambassador-andrew-puzder-eu-honor-trade-deal-donald-trump/","created_at":"2026-05-29T18:02:13.618Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":7168,"retweet_count":1744,"reply_count":141,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-01T17:27:55.850Z","media_urls":[],"card":{"url":"https://www.politico.eu/article/us-ambassador-andrew-puzder-eu-honor-trade-deal-donald-trump/","title":"US ambassador: EU must honor its trade deal with Trump","description":"EU got tariff relief. US got delay.","image":"https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/cache/preview_cards/images/072/256/558/original/df0744358dbc593e.jpg","provider":"www.politico.eu"}},{"id":"116659120590376779","text":"Highly Respected American First Congressman, Randy Feenstra, is running for Governor of Iowa, a place I love and WON BIG in 2016, 2020, and 2024, getting the highest Vote in the History of Iowa. Randy is MAGA all the way!A Fourth Generation Iowan, successful Businessman, former Treasurer of Sioux County, State Senator, and now, as a distinguished U.S. Congressman, Randy has delivered strong results for the Hawkeye State. As your next Governor, Randy will fight tirelessly to Grow the Economy, Cut Taxes and Regulations, Promote MADE IN THE U.S.A., Unleash American Energy DOMINANCE, Champion our Amazing Farmers and Ranchers, Empower Ethanol, Keep our Border SECURE, Stop Migrant Crime, Ensure LAW AND ORDER, Strengthen our incredible Military, Veterans, and Law Enforcement, Advance Election Integrity, and Defend our always under siege Second Amendment.Randy Feenstra has my Complete and Total Endorsement to be the next Governor of Iowa — RANDY WILL NEVER LET YOU DOWN! President DONALD J. TRUMP","created_at":"2026-05-29T17:48:33.302Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":14682,"retweet_count":3321,"reply_count":783,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-01T05:00:06.423Z","media_urls":[],"card":null},{"id":"116659073646327175","text":"$3d","created_at":"2026-05-29T17:36:36.996Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":13705,"retweet_count":3018,"reply_count":426,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-01T05:00:06.423Z","media_urls":[],"card":null},{"id":"116658423998920803","text":"$3e","created_at":"2026-05-29T14:51:24.162Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":41633,"retweet_count":9667,"reply_count":6327,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-31T23:25:26.549Z","media_urls":[],"card":null},{"id":"2060359822076477876","text":"To be fair Trump did tell everyone to buy $DELL, multiple times this year.\nHe did go out and buy $1-$5M worth of Dell stock himself after all…\nBut should have seen this coming with Dell blowout earnings. After what happened with $INTC.\nIf you feel like you’re late, there’s a lot of implications to Dell’s upstream suppliers that markets might not have priced in yet.","created_at":"2026-05-29T13:57:15.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-01T00:25:26.639Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJfeVL3a8AA0jal?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJfeVL3bcAEEfZo?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null},{"id":"2060320848196800931","text":"关于我当初对 $RPI 的投资想法是如何一步步演变的，这篇文章写得太精彩了！\n中文圈的朋友真的很擅长讲故事我非常乐意让更多人看到这类好文\n尤其是，通过这些复盘故事大家可以更好地了解我在构思原创做多逻辑时的思考过程。Musolsol.𝟎𝐱𝐔: Serenity @aleabitoreddit 股神树莓派真的是教科书级别的打脸了\n今天刚好好好捋了一下树莓派这波行情。不仅是从宏观，而是从Serenity的视角去理解——他到底看到了什么，为什么他能在所有人都不看好的时候精准抓住这个机会。\n先说一下当时的处境","created_at":"2026-05-29T11:22:23.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-01T00:10:26.615Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJeSMg0bIAA1CY7?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"2060320848196800931","sentiment":"bullish","sentiment_score":0.82,"sentiment_reasoning":"The image and tweet are clearly bullish on $RPI. The analyst 'Serenity' posted a bullish call on Feb 16, and within two days RPI surged 90%. The March 31 earnings confirmed 58% revenue growth, far exceeding Wall Street consensus of 14% and close to Serenity's own forecast of 55%. The tweet praises this as a 'textbook' call and celebrates the original long thesis.","tickers":[{"ticker":"RPI","asset_type":"stock","context":"Raspberry Pi stock ($RPI) discussed as a successful long call — surged 90% in two days after bullish call, then confirmed with 58% revenue growth in Q1 earnings on March 31","direction":"long"}],"signals":[{"type":"analysis","asset":"RPI","price":null,"target":null,"stop_loss":null,"leverage":null,"timeframe":"daily","confidence":"high","raw_text":"2月16日发推看多，两天内暴涨90%，3月31日财报验证，营收增长58%。华尔街共识14%，Serenity预测55%，实际财报58%。"}],"key_themes":["Earnings beat vs Wall Street consensus","Small-cap demand shock signal vs large-cap noise","Contrarian long thesis validation","Revenue growth acceleration","Post-earnings price surge"],"domains":["Consumer Tech","Retail / E-Commerce"],"risk_level":"medium","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"树莓派($RPI)之所以被看多，是因为分析师Serenity早在2月16日就发现了市场被严重低估的信号——华尔街一致预期营收增长仅14%，而Serenity预测55%。最终3月31日财报验证了58%的实际营收增长，远超共识，股价在两天内暴涨90%。核心逻辑是：同样的需求冲击，对苹果这类大体量公司影响甚微（噪音），但对树莓派这类小体量公司而言财务弹性极大（信号），因此在所有人不看好时精准抓住了这个机会。","image_insights":"Infographic titled '复盘树莓派($RPI)' (Reviewing Raspberry Pi $RPI) from analyst 'Serenity'. Shows: Feb 16 - bullish tweet posted; within 2 days stock surged 90%; March 31 earnings confirmed 58% revenue growth. Bar chart compares Wall Street consensus (14%) vs Serenity's forecast (55%) vs actual earnings growth (58%), showing Serenity's prediction was nearly spot-on. Quote: 'The same demand shock, hitting companies of different sizes, produces vastly different financial impacts. On Apple it's noise; on Raspberry Pi it's a signal.'","analyzed_at":"2026-05-29T18:35:16.622Z"}},{"id":"116657564100142546","text":"Jill Biden is now out there finally admitting that she did NOT know what went wrong with Sleepy Joe during our spectacular, and highly rated, 2024 Presidential Debate, where Joe was not exactly performing to the highest level of debate standards. She said that she thought he was having a “stroke,” and various other really bad things, and yet never rushed onto the stage to help her troubled husband, as any good wife would do. The only thing she failed to mention was how well I was doing prior to his near total collapse. In other words, as many have asked, did my strong performance in that debate cause him to plain and simple “choke,” leading to his ignominious defeat, or were other reasons the cause? Nobody else knows the answer to that, BUT I DO!!!","created_at":"2026-05-29T11:12:43.149Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":35312,"retweet_count":7752,"reply_count":4939,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-31T23:25:26.549Z","media_urls":[],"card":null},{"id":"2060273330804969764","text":"Holy crap, this is the most bullish thing I’ve heard from $SIVE so far.\nFrom earnings transcripts:\n“We do not look at competitors when demand far outstrips supply” (literally anything they make gets bought)\nAlong with: “We see 60% gross margins in the future” (incredibly high)\n“We have two technologies that can feed into these three supercycles that are currently going on.” (Holy revenue opportunities)\nMy high conviction CPO/photonics long is $SIVE for a reason.\nGarrison Simon: Sivers' CEO on the call, \"We do not look at competitors when demand far outstrips supply.\"  $SIVE","created_at":"2026-05-29T08:13:34.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-31T23:40:26.548Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJePqiCa4AEAIKp?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"2060273330804969764","sentiment":"bullish","sentiment_score":0.95,"sentiment_reasoning":"Extremely bullish tone with strong conviction. Earnings transcript quotes highlight demand exceeding supply, 60% gross margin targets, and exposure to three supercycles. Chart shows SIVE up +15.67% intraday to 81.20 SEK from prior close of 70.20 SEK, confirming strong market reaction.","tickers":[{"ticker":"SIVE","asset_type":"stock","context":"High conviction CPO/photonics long. CEO quotes from earnings transcript highlight demand far outstripping supply, 60% gross margin targets, and exposure to three supercycles. Stock up ~15.67% intraday.","direction":"long"}],"signals":[{"type":"analysis","asset":"SIVE","price":81.2,"target":null,"stop_loss":null,"leverage":null,"timeframe":"daily","confidence":"high","raw_text":"My high conviction CPO/photonics long is $SIVE for a reason. 'We do not look at competitors when demand far outstrips supply' + '60% gross margins in the future' + 'two technologies feeding into three supercycles'"}],"key_themes":["Demand exceeding supply in photonics/semiconductors","High gross margin expansion potential (60%)","CPO / photonics supercycle exposure","Strong earnings catalyst","High conviction long thesis"],"domains":["Semiconductors","CPO / Optical Networking"],"risk_level":"medium","is_trade_call":true,"summary":"The author expresses very high conviction on Sivers Semiconductors (SIVE) as a CPO/photonics long, citing CEO earnings commentary about demand far outstripping supply and a path to 60% gross margins. The stock is up ~15.67% intraday on the Stockholm exchange, confirming a strong market reaction to the bullish earnings narrative.","image_insights":"Intraday chart of Sivers Semiconductors AB (STO: SIVE) on May 29, trading at 81.20 SEK, up +11.00 SEK (+15.67%) on the day. Prior close was 70.20 SEK. The chart shows a sharp spike upward at market open, likely in response to earnings results, with price quickly moving from ~60 SEK range to ~81 SEK before stabilizing.","analyzed_at":"2026-05-30T05:29:29.433Z"}},{"id":"2060268650796622131","text":"$$SIVE basically took their entire revenue pipeline.\nIn the entire company’s history.\nThen grew that by 77% in the first 3 months.\nThats by far the clearest indication of the inflection of the CPO supercycle.\nIt’s probably going to look exponential from here on out.\nSerenity: Only thing to look at with $SIVE earnings is forward growth.\nNobody cares about pre-development contract earnings from 2025 or last quarter, especially for qualification cycle optical players.\nHaving 77% growth of opportunity pipelines (revenue volume ramp projections), to","created_at":"2026-05-29T07:54:58.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-31T14:17:25.877Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJeLamlb0AEPx0Q?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJeCd2IaQAAp2so?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null},{"id":"2060258820547588300","text":"Only thing to look at with $SIVE earnings is forward growth.\nNobody cares about pre-development contract earnings from 2025 or last quarter, especially for qualification cycle optical players.\nHaving 77% growth of opportunity pipelines (revenue volume ramp projections), to $799m\nIn a quarter is absolutely incredible growth. And, I’d expect to see that continue compounding.\n“The company continues to anticipate several volume production starts within AI data centers” (photonics/lasers).\nIs also very positive and validates the thesis about volume ramp for photonics.\nNow next thing to look at is earnings call transcript, once they’re indexed, which is the most important signal of what’s to come.\nOverall, very positive.","created_at":"2026-05-29T07:15:55.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-31T03:28:57.248Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJeCd2IaQAAp2so?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null},{"id":"2060211441890934831","text":"听人说我在中文圈都快”闪光宝可梦”了,  哈哈哈。\n拜托我也就是个普通人好吗！\n平时也就是随手写点自己的想法而已。感觉最近关注度高了，也莫名其妙招来了不少黑子和瞎编的谣言\n跟最近那些胡说八道的传闻相反，其实我在推特上从来没删过任何一篇分析帖。\n大家估计是把我跟哪个喊单 $IREN 的大board member给搞混了吧。\n我就是喜欢找点不一样的选股角度，先让行情走一段，最后再看看到底打没打脸\n我觉得最核心的无非就是踩中了下个大叙事，比如去年的 Neoclouds 和光子板块，或者今年的 800 vdc 和 CPO。\n不过… 我还是非常感谢大家温暖的支持！美股仙人: 家人们！我出息了！！！我的emo被Serenity治好了！！！！X平台第一大网红关注我了！！！现在我是Serenity第一吹，谁黑Serenity我黑谁！！！\nSerenity的微笑由我来守护！！！@aleabitoreddit","created_at":"2026-05-29T04:07:39.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-31T01:28:42.763Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJUBbHmaQAEmS7a?format=png&name=orig"],"card":null},{"id":"116655761993842171","text":"John Solomon unpacks a bombshell revelation about James Comey: https://justthenews.com/podcasts/john-solomon-reports/john-solomon-unpacks-bombshell-revelation-about-james-comey","created_at":"2026-05-29T03:34:25.225Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":15475,"retweet_count":4695,"reply_count":1271,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-31T19:55:26.204Z","media_urls":[],"card":{"url":"https://justthenews.com/podcasts/john-solomon-reports/john-solomon-unpacks-bombshell-revelation-about-james-comey","title":"John Solomon unpacks a bombshell revelation about James Comey","description":"In this episode, we unveil shocking new revelations from recently declassified documents regarding the FBI's handling of classified leaks during the Russiagate investigation. Join us as we discuss the implications of these findings, including accusations against former FBI Director James Comey an...","image":"https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/cache/preview_cards/images/058/577/393/original/2a10d76cb4d48d52.jpg","provider":"justthenews.com"}},{"id":"116655760562356563","text":"Judge clears Trump’s voter citizenship checks and mail-in voting crackdown, slapping down Democrats: https://justthenews.com/politics-policy/elections/judge-clears-trumps-voter-citizenship-checks-and-mail-voting-crackdown","created_at":"2026-05-29T03:34:03.383Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":19356,"retweet_count":5069,"reply_count":801,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-31T18:02:26.143Z","media_urls":[],"card":{"url":"https://justthenews.com/politics-policy/elections/judge-clears-trumps-voter-citizenship-checks-and-mail-voting-crackdown","title":"Judge clears Trump’s voter citizenship checks and mail-in voting crackdown, slapping down Democrats","description":"Judge ruled Democrats failed to show they have standing at present to challenge the order or have suffered any harm.","image":"https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/cache/preview_cards/images/072/199/499/original/c8fb2ebdd6d40e2d.jpg","provider":"justthenews.com"}},{"id":"116655756027637495","text":"FBI and DOJ concerns on Mar-a-Lago raid bolster Florida-based anti-Trump ‘grand conspiracy’ inquiry: https://justthenews.com/government/courts-law/fbi-and-doj-concerns-mar-lago-raid-bolster-florida-based-anti-trump-grand","created_at":"2026-05-29T03:32:54.187Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":14534,"retweet_count":3792,"reply_count":512,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-31T17:47:26.109Z","media_urls":[],"card":{"url":"https://justthenews.com/government/courts-law/fbi-and-doj-concerns-mar-lago-raid-bolster-florida-based-anti-trump-grand","title":"FBI and DOJ concerns on Mar-a-Lago raid bolster Florida-based anti-Trump ‘grand conspiracy’ inquiry","description":"A southern Florida-based grand jury is plugging away at looking into claims of a grand conspiracy targeting Donald Trump, as new details emerge about the district's centrality to a number of anti-Trump efforts.","image":"https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/cache/preview_cards/images/072/234/447/original/b4657b5c91d9b7f9.jpg","provider":"justthenews.com"}},{"id":"116655731323552591","text":"Claude Lemieux, a true Legend of the Game, and one of the fiercest competitors Hockey has ever seen, has passed away. Claude was a friend to the family, and a tremendous “TRUMP” supporter. He won 4 Stanley Cups with 3 different Teams — Montreal, New Jersey, and Colorado — His 80 Career Playoff Goals rank among the All Time Greats. Brendan, my thoughts are with you, Deborah, and the whole Lemieux family — You and your Dad were Warriors on the Ice. Claude will be missed by all who love Winning and Toughness. 🇺🇸 #MAGA President DONALD J. TRUMP","created_at":"2026-05-29T03:26:37.262Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":15720,"retweet_count":3135,"reply_count":528,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-31T17:47:26.109Z","media_urls":[],"card":null},{"id":"2060075363779366918","text":"$$HPS.A is close is to a 2M timeframe.\nTransformers in the Sky are up 83.3% since. Bumblebee go brrr?\nBut in all reality, transformers demand visibility is very high, solid backlog, high market share (of dry).\nNot exactly parabolic, but looks like a compelling compounder.\nSerenity: The current bottleneck: Transformers/Switchgear.   Trade Idea: Long Hammond  (~2.2B CAD / ~$1.5B USD) at 184 CAD.\nThey dominate the market for:\n-Transformers (dry, multi year bottleneck ~23% of market),\n-serve to switchgear (2-3Y bottleneck)\n-and manufacture liquid too","created_at":"2026-05-28T19:06:55.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-30T22:43:42.646Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJbbnt8a0AAdVpz?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HFOwGcrbcAAGFVi?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HFOwGc5a4AAsv5m?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null},{"id":"2060068635159478351","text":"I’m actually even more bullish on $AAOI at $13B MC given all the recent laser bottlenecks…\nThan I was back at $2B or $6B.\nI also think markets missed the analyst note around potential long term supply agreements with $NVDA or $AMD.\nIf they’re projecting $471M in H1 2027… that’s absurd ramp.\nBut of course the $600M ATM is a short term overhang.\nJust a matter of waiting time? Given it’s more about keeping up with demand…\nSo more of a matter of how much they can make.\nProbably my favorite US-based photonics long stock now that I own.\nMi204839: @aleabitoreddit You’re delusional if you think it’s undervalued at 6b mcap","created_at":"2026-05-28T18:40:11.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-30T21:28:42.392Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJbVbcuboAA_99W?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJbVbcza0AAOnEt?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null},{"id":"2060060904713261186","text":"Holy crap… My $EWY 2028 leaps are now up 428%+.\nSo 5.2x ROI trade, in 3 months.\nThats what happens when IV increases and underlying memory assets in SK Hynix / Samsung also appreciate.\nSerenity: Trade idea that I published to my shower thoughts channel:\nKorean Index volatility arbitrage and taking advantage of Black-Scholes models.\n$EWY long options seem mispriced.\nThis is Blackrock's Korea Index, which is majority memory (Samsung Electronics, Sk Hynix).\nThe stock","created_at":"2026-05-28T18:09:28.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-30T19:28:42.225Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJbOeNIbEAAQddB?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HBCTZTiaUAAbbxr?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null},{"id":"116653311782130303","text":"RT: https://truthsocial.com/users/realDonaldTrump/statuses/116653310430151495","created_at":"2026-05-28T17:11:18.021Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":21194,"retweet_count":5167,"reply_count":2155,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-31T17:47:26.109Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/653/311/266/583/547/original/3bae8a10ec5b3846.png"],"card":null},{"id":"116653310430151495","text":"RT: https://truthsocial.com/users/realDonaldTrump/statuses/116653308990055722","created_at":"2026-05-28T17:10:57.390Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":24805,"retweet_count":5639,"reply_count":1550,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-31T15:32:25.997Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/653/310/198/184/957/original/9a803c98a6845dbc.png"],"card":null},{"id":"116653308990055722","text":"","created_at":"2026-05-28T17:10:35.387Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":16880,"retweet_count":3207,"reply_count":665,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-31T15:32:25.997Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/653/308/408/720/875/original/cca806d371a19ba6.mp4#poster=https%3A%2F%2Fstatic-assets-1.truthsocial.com%2Ftmtg%3Aprime-ts-assets%2Fmedia_attachments%2Fthumbnails%2F116%2F653%2F308%2F408%2F720%2F875%2Foriginal%2F205afc757b961ffd.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"116653307880436820","text":"","created_at":"2026-05-28T17:10:18.455Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":15161,"retweet_count":3473,"reply_count":758,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-31T14:32:25.896Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/653/307/605/429/248/original/dbb5639ac5efa2a0.png"],"card":null},{"id":"2060045781881725424","text":"Always a good time interacting with European outlets.\nBack at $44 EUR, European media said $SOI was an:\n- -“overvalued stock”\n- “buying now would undoubtedly be a big timing errors”\n- “purely speculative bases”\nAnd traditions analysts had no clue why it had risen.\n$SOI is now up 342% since by the way.\nSerenity: Few months ago, a European publication called my $RPI idea:\n- “mass stupidity”\nAnd said:\n- $RPI shares would: “come crashing back to reality”\nThen called it a:\n- “Meme stock”.\nEarnings report came out? Blew away revenue expectations.\nIt’s very interesting that media can","created_at":"2026-05-28T17:09:22.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-30T15:58:41.859Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJbAsjNaMAAfZxa?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJbAsjubsAAXXNm?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJbAsjeaEAECuVy?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJajRgkaoAAONHJ?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJajRgvbQAEh0pz?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJajRgmaYAA9s-n?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null},{"id":"2060021831466364982","text":"Just a shower thought to European media:\nMaybe instead of complaining about the influx of capital.\nTo keep your critical companies alive and subsidize growth.\nMaybe welcome it…\nSo you don’t keep selling off your monopolies or critical chokepoints like ficonTEC from a lack of funding to foreign countries such as China.\nEspecially when they’re necessary to US hyperscaler supply chains.","created_at":"2026-05-28T15:34:12.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-30T13:58:42.331Z","media_urls":[],"card":null},{"id":"2060013416170107320","text":"Few months ago, a European publication called my $RPI idea:\n- “mass stupidity”\nAnd said:\n- $RPI shares would: “come crashing back to reality”\nThen called it a:\n- “Meme stock”.\nEarnings report came out? Blew away revenue expectations.\nIt’s very interesting that media can just write all this slander…\nThen pretend it never happened when it ages so badly.\nAmount of media slander from $SOI to $SIVE has been pretty incredible.","created_at":"2026-05-28T15:00:46.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-30T12:58:42.702Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJajRgkaoAAONHJ?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJajRgvbQAEh0pz?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJajRgmaYAA9s-n?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null},{"id":"2060002002994971046","text":"$3f","created_at":"2026-05-28T14:15:25.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-30T11:28:41.675Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJaY5p4bkAAY7OB?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null},{"id":"2059989579919401449","text":"This growth is just astronomical, I’m at a loss for words.\n450,000 followers now, and 40,000 subscribers.\nOnly 7K more subscribers and I become the #1 on the entire X platform?\nThank you everyone.\nI think this growth is just testimony to how people see free and actually compelling research democratization.\nCompared to old models where any alpha gets sold to institutions for tens of thousands… then retail only find out hundreds of percent later.\nOr where “influencers” have expensive paywalls to sell snake oil.\nHope to set a long lasting example by publishing research / ideas / thought processes for free.\nAnd encouraging positive sum growth by focusing on substance.\nSerenity: Wow, 400,000 followers! Thank you everyone.\nI find it fun to share ideas with everyone for free from $TSEM to $AAOI.\nAnd especially if they end up directionally right + help others build their own conviction.","created_at":"2026-05-28T13:26:03.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-30T07:43:41.313Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJaNmk7bAAAkORH?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJS9ackbcAAJvtp?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null},{"id":"2059981363684802708","text":"Just in case people are wondering about my track record with European equities:\n$RPI: $280 -> $800 (agentic AI hardware demand thesis).\n$LPK: ~$6, thesis at $13 -> $24.2 (glass cores substrates close monopoly)\n$SOI: $44 -> $181 (silicon photonics, monopoly over substrates)\n$SIVE: $4 -> $71 (CPO, critical chokepoints over lasers).\n$IQE: $12 -> $47 (latent epiwafer capacity, information discovery around downstream photonics companies).\n$ALRIB: $5 -> $15 (duopoly, synthesis around quantum buyers with photonics growth verticals).\nAnd now $XFAB at $9.\nI’m not always right.\nBut every single one of my European longs thesis have been validated so far by either earnings, investments (eg. $MTSI in IQE) or market returns.","created_at":"2026-05-28T12:53:24.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-30T06:43:41.258Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJaGHOxasAEotii?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJaGHO0asAAbl-2?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"2059981363684802708","sentiment":"bullish","sentiment_score":0.92,"sentiment_reasoning":"The author is showcasing a strong track record of European equity long calls, all validated with massive percentage gains (RPI +168% YTD, IQE +815% YTD as shown in images). The post is confident and promotional, presenting a new long call on XFAB at $9, implying continued bullishness on the European photonics/AI hardware theme.","tickers":[{"ticker":"RPI","asset_type":"stock","context":"Raspberry Pi Holdings PLC (LON), called at £280, now at £800 — agentic AI hardware demand thesis. Confirmed by image showing +167.92% YTD.","direction":"long"},{"ticker":"IQE","asset_type":"stock","context":"IQE plc (LON), called at ~£12, now at £47 — latent epiwafer capacity, downstream photonics. Confirmed by image showing +814.86% YTD.","direction":"long"},{"ticker":"LPK","asset_type":"stock","context":"Called at ~£6 with thesis at £13, now at £24.2 — glass core substrates close monopoly thesis.","direction":"long"},{"ticker":"SOI","asset_type":"stock","context":"Called at £44, now at £181 — silicon photonics, monopoly over substrates.","direction":"long"},{"ticker":"SIVE","asset_type":"stock","context":"Called at £4, now at £71 — CPO, critical chokepoints over lasers.","direction":"long"},{"ticker":"ALRIB","asset_type":"stock","context":"Called at £5, now at £15 — duopoly, synthesis around quantum buyers with photonics growth verticals.","direction":"long"},{"ticker":"XFAB","asset_type":"stock","context":"New long call at £9 — implied continuation of European photonics/semiconductor thesis.","direction":"long"},{"ticker":"MTSI","asset_type":"stock","context":"Mentioned as an investment validator for IQE thesis — MACOM Technology Solutions investing in IQE confirms the downstream photonics narrative.","direction":"neutral"}],"signals":[{"type":"entry","asset":"XFAB","price":9,"target":null,"stop_loss":null,"leverage":null,"timeframe":null,"confidence":"medium","raw_text":"And now $XFAB at $9."},{"type":"analysis","asset":"RPI","price":800,"target":null,"stop_loss":null,"leverage":null,"timeframe":"YTD","confidence":"high","raw_text":"$$RPI: $280 -> $800 (agentic AI hardware demand thesis)"},{"type":"analysis","asset":"IQE","price":47.12,"target":null,"stop_loss":null,"leverage":null,"timeframe":"YTD","confidence":"high","raw_text":"$$IQE: $12 -> $47 (latent epiwafer capacity, information discovery around downstream photonics companies)"},{"type":"analysis","asset":"SOI","price":181,"target":null,"stop_loss":null,"leverage":null,"timeframe":"YTD","confidence":"high","raw_text":"$$SOI: $44 -> $181 (silicon photonics, monopoly over substrates)"},{"type":"analysis","asset":"SIVE","price":71,"target":null,"stop_loss":null,"leverage":null,"timeframe":"YTD","confidence":"high","raw_text":"$$SIVE: $4 -> $71 (CPO, critical chokepoints over lasers)"}],"key_themes":["European equity longs track record","Silicon photonics and CPO supply chain","Agentic AI hardware demand","Epiwafer and substrate monopolies/duopolies","Glass core substrates","Quantum computing adjacency","New long: XFAB at $9"],"domains":["Semiconductors","CPO / Optical Networking","AI / ML","Consumer Tech"],"risk_level":"medium","is_trade_call":true,"summary":"The author is presenting a track record of highly successful European equity long calls in the photonics/AI hardware space — including RPI (+168% YTD) and IQE (+815% YTD) as confirmed by attached Google Finance screenshots — and is now initiating a new long position in XFAB at $9, continuing the thesis around European semiconductor and photonics infrastructure plays.","image_insights":"Image 1 shows Raspberry Pi Holdings PLC (LON: RPI) at 800.00 GBX, up +501.40 (+167.92%) YTD as of May 28, with market cap of 1.56B GBX. Chart shows a strong uptrend from ~300 GBX at start of year, spiking sharply to 800 GBX by late May 2026. Image 2 shows IQE plc (LON: IQE) at 47.12 GBX, up +41.97 (+814.86%) YTD as of May 28, with market cap of 461.67M GBX. Chart shows explosive move from ~10 GBX in Feb 2026 to ~75 GBX peak before settling around 47 GBX.","analyzed_at":"2026-05-28T16:45:06.151Z"}},{"id":"2059974528768659756","text":"$40","created_at":"2026-05-28T12:26:14.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-30T05:28:40.499Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJZ_5mVbwAEy2dQ?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJZ_5mbaUAA7YyJ?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJZ_5mZaMAAqJIL?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJZ_5mXbMAAeBL3?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null},{"id":"2059965358455619764","text":"Oh look, $SOI is now up 4X+ since I went long.\nAnd another 15%+ after earnings.\nDespite media“analysts”claiming there was nothing new with Soitec.\nThe fact they’re trying to reorganize the company to answer demand for SOI substrates for photonics.\nIt’s a pretty positive read-through on what’s to come for the company in the next two years.\nAgain with companies with forward growth opportunities, it’s about looking at the future…\nnot past earnings, unlike what some Europeans might only care about.\nSerenity: Changed my mind about Soitec ( $SLOIF ) and took a sizable position ~43 for CPO exposure.\n$NVDA GTC next week biggest catalyst pushing photonics and this architecture.\n~1.5B euros MC. Trading at 1x book value and ~2x P/S (very depressed valuations)\nGenuine monopoly over","created_at":"2026-05-28T11:49:48.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-30T04:13:40.929Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJZ3kLnboAAEg3S?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HDHdhF8bYAAd8ho?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null},{"id":"2059956246539874485","text":"超赞的文章!\n看看大家怎么看待我的过往经历真的挺好玩的\n最近我一直在努力多跟对供应链和AI感兴趣的小伙伴们互动\n所以只要是想了解我思考逻辑的朋友，我都会尽量去关注0xkevin (🖤 , 💙): 白毛股神 Serenity 火遍全网，到处是她的传说，但是没人讲清楚她是谁\n这个人非常神秘，被称为半导体的供应链之神，年内回报率 4502%\n我梳理了她所有推文和留言，整理了目前最全面的介绍\n最重要的是 @aleabitoreddit  选股思路和供应链方法论全解析👇🧵","created_at":"2026-05-28T11:13:35.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-30T01:28:40.854Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJYt6L6aMAA9IBC?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null},{"id":"2059939664082186246","text":"Ayar’s announcement today with Wiwynn is potentially very material for $SIVE regarding CPO -> rack scale deployments.\nAs Wiwynn cloud clients include $AMZN, $META, $MSFT.\nAnd they’ve been in talks for $GOOGL TPU deployments.\nI think just for some reference architectures it’s around 512+ supernova light sourc a rack.\nSo if $SIVE is the primary laser array supplier (which we expect, given Macom + Lumentum was removed from Ayar’s site).\nEven modest rack deployments would be very meaningful for revenue.\nThis is just rack scale commercialization potential right now from $SIVE / Ayar / Wiwynn, which won’t show up in revenue financials yet.","created_at":"2026-05-28T10:07:42.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-29T13:43:40.090Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJZgM9Qa4AAxphr?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJZgM9PaEAAXjPk?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null},{"id":"2059848338028241193","text":"Appreciate the more neutral coverage by Reuters and Bloomberg on $XFAB today.\nAlthough it would be nicer to focus more on the structural thesis presented…\nAround 800 vdc power semis $NVDA exposure + with ongoing $NVDA / $NOK evaluations for photonics.\nAnd around CHIPS Act semiconductor sovereignty as the near term catalyst.\nRather than around volatility from novel information synthesis.\nI spend a lot of time looking at regulatory filings to find compelling things market missed you know…\nSerenity: $XFAB (photonics + power semis) is an interesting long idea at $1.28B MC, that I took positions in.\nGiven EU CHIPS act 2 is today as the catalyst for European photonics players.\n> 800 VDC power semi exposure to $NVDA push through $NVTS + $POWI\n> Silicon Photonics / CPO","created_at":"2026-05-28T04:04:48.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-29T11:13:39.720Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJYNI6FaoAAygs9?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJYNI6Ba8AAjCYx?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJYNI6Ca4AAdnLf?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJTyShsaIAAVY0x?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJTySh3agAAPSfC?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJTyShuaMAA8BPw?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJTyShubsAEiKB1?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"2059848338028241193","sentiment":"bullish","sentiment_score":0.82,"sentiment_reasoning":"The tweet author ('Serenity') explicitly states they took long positions in $XFAB, calling it an 'interesting long idea' at $1.28B MC. Images show XFAB (EPA: XFAB) trading at €8.98 (+13.88% on the day) with a sharp vertical spike on the 5Y chart. Supporting catalysts include EU CHIPS Act 2, NVIDIA photonics exposure via photonixFAB, SiC foundry CHIPS Act funding ($50M proposed), and power semiconductor thesis via NVTS and POWI.","tickers":[{"ticker":"XFAB","asset_type":"stock","context":"Primary long idea called out by author; trading at €8.98 up ~13.88% on massive retail-driven volume spike; photonics + power semis thesis; EU CHIPS Act 2 catalyst; NVIDIA photonixFAB involvement; only high-volume SiC foundry in U.S.","direction":"long"},{"ticker":"NVDA","asset_type":"stock","context":"Mentioned as end-user evaluating photonixFAB technology for transceivers and optical switches; also provides power semi exposure through 800VDC push","direction":"long"},{"ticker":"NVTS","asset_type":"stock","context":"Navitas Semiconductor — mentioned as XFAB exposure vehicle for 800VDC power semis; outsources SiC components to X-Fab","direction":"long"},{"ticker":"POWI","asset_type":"stock","context":"Power Integrations — mentioned as additional 800VDC power semi exposure alongside NVTS","direction":"long"},{"ticker":"NOK","asset_type":"stock","context":"Nokia — mentioned in context of ongoing NVDA/NOK evaluations for photonics","direction":"neutral"},{"ticker":"MU","asset_type":"stock","context":"Micron Technology — mentioned in Reuters article as most traded on Germany's Tradegate, ranking ahead of X-FAB","direction":"neutral"},{"ticker":"RPI.L","asset_type":"stock","context":"Raspberry Pi Holdings — previously called by same account in February, stock rallied sharply; cited for context on account's track record","direction":"neutral"}],"signals":[{"type":"entry","asset":"XFAB","price":null,"target":null,"stop_loss":null,"leverage":null,"timeframe":null,"confidence":"high","raw_text":"Serenity: $XFAB (photonics + power semis) is an interesting long idea at $1.28B MC, that I took positions in."},{"type":"analysis","asset":"XFAB","price":8.98,"target":null,"stop_loss":null,"leverage":null,"timeframe":null,"confidence":"high","raw_text":"EPA: XFAB — 8.98 EUR +1.09 (13.88%) past 5 years, Mkt cap 1.19B. Sharp vertical spike visible on 5Y chart from ~€4 to €9."},{"type":"alert","asset":"XFAB","price":null,"target":null,"stop_loss":null,"leverage":null,"timeframe":"near-term","confidence":"medium","raw_text":"EU CHIPS Act 2 is today as the catalyst for European photonics players. CHIPS Act $50M proposed direct funding for X-Fab's SiC foundry facility — only high-volume SiC foundry in the U.S."},{"type":"analysis","asset":"NVTS","price":null,"target":null,"stop_loss":null,"leverage":null,"timeframe":null,"confidence":"medium","raw_text":"> 800 VDC power semi exposure to $NVDA push through $NVTS + $POWI. Navitas SiC components outsourced to X-Fab."}],"key_themes":["Social media-driven retail stock rally","X-FAB as photonics + power semiconductor long idea","NVIDIA photonixFAB photonics evaluation","EU CHIPS Act 2 as near-term catalyst","800VDC power semiconductors AI data center buildout","Silicon Carbide (SiC) foundry scarcity value","CHIPS and Science Act U.S. funding catalyst","CPO / Silicon Photonics exposure","Retail flow dominating volume on European exchanges"],"domains":["Semiconductors","CPO / Optical Networking","AI / ML","Energy"],"risk_level":"high","is_trade_call":true,"summary":"The author ('Serenity') publicly discloses a long position in X-FAB Silicon Foundries (EPA: XFAB) at a ~$1.28B market cap, citing photonics and power semiconductor exposure to NVIDIA, EU CHIPS Act 2 as a near-term catalyst, and X-FAB's unique SiC foundry status. The stock surged ~14% on the day to €8.98 (nearly doubling from recent lows) amid Reuters and Bloomberg coverage attributing the rally to retail flows driven by this X account, which has a track record of moving small-cap European tech stocks.","image_insights":"Images show: (1) Reuters article about X-FAB highlighted as 'interesting long idea' linked to photonics and power semiconductors, with CEO saying no undisclosed material developments explain the price rise; (2) Bloomberg headline 'Popular X Account Sparks Massive Rally in Little-Known Chipmaker'; (3) Yahoo Finance article noting the account previously called Raspberry Pi Holdings, Soitec, and Sivers Semiconductors — all of which rallied sharply on AI data center exposure; (4) XFAB 5Y price chart showing price at €8.98 EUR, up +13.88% with a sharp spike from ~€4-5 range to nearly €9 — a near doubling; (5) photonixFAB page noting NVIDIA is responsible for testing photonixFAB technology for transceivers and optical switches; (6) CHIPS Act reference showing $50M proposed funding for X-Fab's SiC foundry facility, the only high-volume SiC foundry in the U.S.; (7) Note that Navitas (NVTS) SiC components are outsourced to X-Fab, and only two professional SiC foundries exist worldwide.","analyzed_at":"2026-05-28T05:06:03.033Z"}},{"id":"116650181129851842","text":"","created_at":"2026-05-28T03:55:08.029Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":36719,"retweet_count":7054,"reply_count":3731,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-31T14:32:25.896Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/650/180/667/088/345/original/25221aa661983b7c.png"],"card":null},{"id":"116650179875807843","text":"","created_at":"2026-05-28T03:54:48.893Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":23539,"retweet_count":4999,"reply_count":1344,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-31T14:17:25.877Z","media_urls":["https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/media_attachments/files/116/650/179/466/116/152/original/7c2bf21153f517ad.png"],"card":null},{"id":"2059830121117446415","text":"$$MRVL earnings were a bullish indicator on the broader CPO theme (and $SIVE as the likely laser supplier).\n- “Scale-up interconnect represents one of the newest and most strategically important opportunities emerging in AI infrastructure.”\nCPO thematically go brrr\n- Confirmation Celestial was selected by T1 hyperscaler for scale up.\nI’ve found Celestial $AMZN warrants in the past)… so probably Amazon.\n- Scale-up optics revenue next year should be more than 2x prior ~$150M outlook with Celestial\nForward revenue ramp expectations go brrr.\n- Celestial team plus $MRVL optics team was a “home run”.\nMarvell sees celestial as growth vector, upstream celestial suppliers go brr\n- $MRVL is now focused on bringing Celestial to high volume manufacturing.\nVolume ramp indicator\nIf you don’t recall, there was OSINT mapping $SIVE directly to Celestial, not through $POET.\nSo Celestial forward growth is a volume ramp indicator for Sivers lasers.","created_at":"2026-05-28T02:52:25.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-29T07:58:39.377Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJX8kt4bUAAfT8o?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJX8kt5aEAAiY8-?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null},{"id":"2059805292553257231","text":"在 X 上看到这么多中文社区的支持，真的让人很开心！\n这体现了种非常有趣的文化差异：\n大家会试图了解我的思考过程和选股逻辑，并以此来完善自己的投资体系。\n相比之下，其他些文化背景的人可能上来就会全盘否定。\n也许我会为了好玩，开始写写对两支中国股票的看法，哪怕我并没有持仓。Ai 姨: 全网都在聊的 Serenity(@aleabitoreddit)，到底是谁？🌟\n▶︎ 新晋美股喊单王，华尔街的「每日必读」\n▶︎ 2026 年内回报率高达 4502.45%\n▶︎ 公开建仓的 25 只股票涨幅达 100%-1000%\n▶︎ 入驻 X 近一年粉丝超 40w，订阅数超 3.7w\n他有哪些知名战绩？持仓如何？为什么这么火？一起往下看吧👩‍💻👇","created_at":"2026-05-28T01:13:45.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-29T07:43:39.388Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJUjMuAbAAA0k3U?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"2059805292553257231","sentiment":"bullish","sentiment_score":0.75,"sentiment_reasoning":"The tweet and image showcase an extraordinary YTD performance of +4,502.45%, promoting a trader/analyst account with a track record of picking stocks with 100%-1000% gains. The tone is celebratory and self-promotional, with strong bullish implications for the stocks covered.","tickers":[{"ticker":"UNKNOWN","asset_type":"stock","context":"Mentions 25 publicly disclosed stock positions with gains of 100%-1000%; no specific tickers named in the tweet","direction":"long"}],"signals":[{"type":"analysis","asset":"Chinese stocks (unspecified)","price":null,"target":null,"stop_loss":null,"leverage":null,"timeframe":null,"confidence":"low","raw_text":"也许我会为了好玩，开始写写对两支中国股票的看法，哪怕我并没有持仓 (Maybe I'll start writing about two Chinese stocks for fun, even though I don't hold positions)"},{"type":"analysis","asset":"US equities portfolio","price":null,"target":null,"stop_loss":null,"leverage":null,"timeframe":"YTD 2026","confidence":"high","raw_text":"2026年内回报率高达4502.45%，公开建仓的25只股票涨幅达100%-1000%"}],"key_themes":["Extraordinary YTD performance claim (+4502%)","Influencer/analyst self-promotion","Cross-cultural investing community engagement","Chinese investor community outreach","Potential coverage of Chinese stocks"],"domains":["Retail / E-Commerce","AI / ML","Financials"],"risk_level":"high","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"This is a promotional post by trader 'Serenity' highlighting a claimed +4,502.45% YTD return in 2026 on US equities, with 25 disclosed positions reportedly gaining 100%-1000%, while also engaging the Chinese-speaking investor community and hinting at future coverage of Chinese stocks. No specific trade calls or tickers are provided; the post is primarily self-promotional and community-oriented.","image_insights":"Screenshot showing a portfolio/performance tracker displaying +4,502.45% total return this year for the account 'Serenity' (@aleabitoreddit). The profile is described in Chinese as a newly emerged US stock picker and 'must-read' for Wall Street/Silicon Valley, with 400k+ followers and 37k+ subscribers on X.","analyzed_at":"2026-05-28T01:22:44.264Z"}},{"id":"116649467728859592","text":"GREGG JARRETT: Long-hidden documents reveal first Trump impeachment was a total fraud: https://www.foxnews.com/opinion/gregg-jarrett-long-hidden-documents-reveal-first-trump-impeachment-total-fraud","created_at":"2026-05-28T00:53:42.363Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"truthsocial","like_count":27467,"retweet_count":8331,"reply_count":2104,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-31T14:02:25.848Z","media_urls":[],"card":{"url":"https://www.foxnews.com/opinion/gregg-jarrett-long-hidden-documents-reveal-first-trump-impeachment-total-fraud","title":"GREGG JARRETT: Long-hidden documents reveal first Trump impeachment was a total fraud","description":"Newly declassified documents show the first Trump impeachment was orchestrated fraud, DNI Tulsi Gabbard says, sending criminal referrals to the DOJ.","image":"https://static-assets-1.truthsocial.com/tmtg:prime-ts-assets/cache/preview_cards/images/070/418/029/original/b20f1e6799a83357.jpg","provider":"www.foxnews.com"}},{"id":"2059787211537821717","text":"Look who joined team $NBIS.\n5.6% is a pretty massive stake, maybe he realized by now it’s miles better than the dumpster fire that is $IREN.\nThat being said: Nebius is now up ~3x since I went long last year.\nWeebius has plot armor.","created_at":"2026-05-28T00:01:54.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-29T07:13:39.369Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJXVjQQbIAACkeO?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJXVjQQacAAX0uV?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"2059787211537821717","sentiment":"bullish","sentiment_score":0.88,"sentiment_reasoning":"The tweet is strongly bullish on NBIS, highlighting a ~3x gain since the author's long entry, a high-profile institutional stake from Leopold Aschenbrenner's Situational Awareness (5.6%), and a +131.65% YTD gain shown in the chart. After-hours price surged an additional 12.58% to $234.59 on the news. The author also takes a bearish swipe at IREN.","tickers":[{"ticker":"NBIS","asset_type":"stock","context":"Author is long since last year (~3x gain), now getting a bullish catalyst from Aschenbrenner's 5.6% stake disclosure; stock up 131.65% YTD and surging 12.58% after hours","direction":"long"},{"ticker":"IREN","asset_type":"stock","context":"Mentioned negatively as a 'dumpster fire' in comparison to NBIS","direction":"short"}],"signals":[{"type":"analysis","asset":"NBIS","price":208.37,"target":null,"stop_loss":null,"leverage":null,"timeframe":"YTD","confidence":"high","raw_text":"Nebius is now up ~3x since I went long last year. Weebius has plot armor."},{"type":"alert","asset":"NBIS","price":234.59,"target":null,"stop_loss":null,"leverage":null,"timeframe":"after-hours","confidence":"high","raw_text":"After hours 234.59 +26.22 (12.58%) — Situational Awareness Takes Stake In NBIS, 5.6% beneficial ownership disclosed"}],"key_themes":["High-profile AI investor stake disclosure","Strong YTD momentum (+131.65%)","After-hours surge on institutional news","AI infrastructure / cloud GPU plays","Bearish comparison to IREN"],"domains":["AI / ML","Cloud Computing"],"risk_level":"medium","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"The tweet highlights a major bullish catalyst for $NBIS: Leopold Aschenbrenner's Situational Awareness fund disclosed a 5.6% (~12.41M shares) stake, sending the stock up 12.58% after hours to $234.59. The author, who has been long since last year and is up ~3x, reiterates conviction while dismissing $IREN as a 'dumpster fire' by comparison.","image_insights":"Image 1: NBIS (Nebius Group NV) stock chart showing YTD performance from ~$90 to $208.37, up +131.65% YTD as of May 27 close, with after-hours price at $234.59 (+12.58%). Market cap is $52.90B. Image 2: News article headline stating 'Situational Awareness Takes Stake In NBIS' — Leopold Aschenbrenner's firm disclosed beneficial ownership of ~12.41 million shares (~5.6% stake) after market close.","analyzed_at":"2026-05-28T00:19:00.132Z"}},{"id":"2059674880761860125","text":"Bro media… how is $XFAB a meme stock?\nCan you not repeat the same mistake with $RPI this time?\nThey’re literally getting CHIPS ACT funding from the EU because of how critical they are.\nAnd have $NVDA / $NOK evaluating their SiPH side of things, while they traded at a low ~1.28 P/B.\nThis just reminded me of $SOI low p/b but high growth verticals out of legacy segment drag.\n$XFAB was literally mentioned for CHIPS ACT 2 next week in the blueprints… Which focuses around photonics.\nThe main revenue ramp was around power semis with $NVDA pushing 800 vdc.\nSo $NVTS, $POWI, $WOLF and everyone have been taking off recently.\nMarkets just missed $XFAB, because they’re a lesser known foundry in power semis…But US Dpt. Of commerce pointed them out as the only high volume SiC foundry in the US 2Y ago.\n I just happened to point out the connections.\nJust because you don’t understand something, don’t just go call it a “meme stock” with price detached from fundamentals.","created_at":"2026-05-27T16:35:33.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-29T03:58:39.219Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJVvYoAbwAAClXM?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJVvYn-bIAAU2Ax?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"2059674880761860125","sentiment":"bullish","sentiment_score":0.82,"sentiment_reasoning":"The author strongly defends XFAB and related semiconductor stocks as fundamentally undervalued, citing EU CHIPS Act funding, NVDA/NOK partnerships, low P/B ratios, and SiC foundry status. Tone is assertive and bullish across multiple tickers. The attached images show a news article calling XFAB a 'meme stock' and noting retail dominance, which the author is pushing back against.","tickers":[{"ticker":"XFAB","asset_type":"stock","context":"Author's primary focus — argues it is fundamentally sound, not a meme stock; EU CHIPS Act funding, SiPH partnership with NVDA/NOK, low ~1.28 P/B, only high-volume SiC foundry in the US per US Dept of Commerce","direction":"long"},{"ticker":"RPI","asset_type":"stock","context":"Raspberry Pi — mentioned as prior social media pump victim; author warns media not to repeat the same 'meme stock' narrative mistake","direction":"neutral"},{"ticker":"NVDA","asset_type":"stock","context":"Cited as evaluating XFAB's SiPH technology and driving 800V DC power semi demand","direction":"long"},{"ticker":"NOK","asset_type":"stock","context":"Mentioned alongside NVDA as evaluating XFAB's Silicon Photonics capabilities","direction":"long"},{"ticker":"SOI","asset_type":"stock","context":"Compared to XFAB as a low P/B but high-growth stock held back by legacy segment drag","direction":"long"},{"ticker":"NVTS","asset_type":"stock","context":"Listed among power semi beneficiaries of NVDA's 800V DC push that have been rallying","direction":"long"},{"ticker":"POWI","asset_type":"stock","context":"Listed among power semi beneficiaries of NVDA's 800V DC push that have been rallying","direction":"long"},{"ticker":"WOLF","asset_type":"stock","context":"Listed among power semi/SiC beneficiaries that have been rallying recently","direction":"long"}],"signals":[{"type":"analysis","asset":"XFAB","price":null,"target":null,"stop_loss":null,"leverage":null,"timeframe":null,"confidence":"high","raw_text":"They're literally getting CHIPS ACT funding from the EU because of how critical they are. And have $NVDA / $NOK evaluating their SiPH side of things, while they traded at a low ~1.28 P/B."},{"type":"analysis","asset":"XFAB","price":null,"target":null,"stop_loss":null,"leverage":null,"timeframe":"near-term","confidence":"medium","raw_text":"$$XFAB was literally mentioned for CHIPS ACT 2 next week in the blueprints… Which focuses around photonics."},{"type":"analysis","asset":"NVTS, POWI, WOLF","price":null,"target":null,"stop_loss":null,"leverage":null,"timeframe":null,"confidence":"medium","raw_text":"The main revenue ramp was around power semis with $NVDA pushing 800 vdc. So $NVTS, $POWI, $WOLF and everyone have been taking off recently."}],"key_themes":["Meme stock narrative vs. fundamental value","EU CHIPS Act / photonics funding catalyst","Silicon Carbide (SiC) foundry scarcity value","800V DC power semiconductor supercycle","Silicon Photonics (SiPH) adoption by hyperscalers","Low P/B value play in semiconductors","Retail-driven volatility vs. institutional undervaluation"],"domains":["Semiconductors","CPO / Optical Networking","AI / ML"],"risk_level":"high","is_trade_call":true,"summary":"**Author's Point & Ratings (EN):** The author strongly rejects the 'meme stock' label for $XFAB, arguing it is a fundamentally undervalued foundry (P/B ~1.28) with real catalysts: EU CHIPS Act funding, NVDA/NOK SiPH evaluations, and status as the only high-volume SiC foundry in the US — implicitly **bullish/buy** on XFAB. He is also **bullish** on $NVTS, $POWI, $WOLF as power semi beneficiaries of NVDA's 800V DC push, **bullish** on $SOI as a comparable low-P/B/high-growth name, and **bullish** on $NVDA and $NOK as demand drivers. $RPI is mentioned neutrally as a cautionary tale of media mischaracterization. **作者观点与评级（中文）：** 作者强烈反驳媒体将$XFAB定性为「散户炒作股」的说法，认为其具备扎实基本面：市净率约1.28倍、获欧盟芯片法案资金支持、英伟达/诺基亚正评估其硅光子（SiPH）业务，且是美国唯一大批量碳化硅（SiC）代工厂——对XFAB态度为**强烈看多/买入**；对$NVTS、$POWI、$WOLF等功率半导体标的同样**看多**（受益于英伟达800V直流推动）；对$SOI持**看多**观点（低市净率+高成长）；$NVDA与$NOK作为需求端驱动力被**正面提及**；$RPI仅作为媒体误读的前车之鉴**中性**提及。","image_insights":"Images show a news article titled 'The meme stock playbook, European edition' describing XFAB's social-media-driven rally with no company-specific news catalyst, comparing it to the GameStop playbook. Second image notes X-FAB was among the most traded stocks on Germany's Tradegate, with retail flows dominating; the same social media account (@aleabitoreddit) was previously linked to sharp gains in UK firm Raspberry Pi, and has grown from 58K to 411K followers.","analyzed_at":"2026-05-27T17:14:36.390Z"}},{"id":"2059646212803051722","text":"Back when $AAOI was ~$20-30 when I went long:\nI thought $AMZN and $MSFT were qualifying specific optical transceivers for their ASIC programs.\nTurns out it’s more interchangeable/mass producible.\nRegardless, glad my thesis on $LITE, $AAOI, Innolight, $COHR, $AXTI played out so well.\nKeep in mind: everyone on X was saying “scam management” with $AAOI back at $20-30…\nOr “scam company” with $AXTI at $12.\nFUD was pretty extreme.\nFeels like dejavu again… going long on the next CPO architectural shift like $SIVE or Foci? And getting the same comments.\nWe’ll see if my CPO longs play out the same way like Shunsin does with Innolight or $SIVE does with $LITE.\nEither way all of those are now up hundreds to thousands of percent.\nSerenity: $AAOI is up 24% and $LITE is 5% since my thesis today.\nFrom BOM analysis, LITE ($27B) is levered toward TPU Ironwood due to OCS but benefits from NVDA + all ASICs.\nAAOI ($2.5B), is levered toward MSFT MAIA ramp and Amazon Trainium.\nInP like HBM, will be a bottleneck for 2026","created_at":"2026-05-27T14:41:38.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-29T03:58:39.219Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJVVT91aoAEtozd?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJVVT9xb0AA4wtg?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/G80CUTob0AAS05x?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null},{"id":"2059634164912226613","text":"Interesting photonics selloff today on no news?\n$LITE down -4.95%\n$AAOI down -4.85%\n$SIVE down -14.8%\n$SOI down -5.73%\n$AXTI down -8.13%\n$IQE down -12.13%\nI think it’s probably the most compelling theme going forward (even more than power semis).\nJust tends to be very volatile on the way up.\nSurprised about $AAOI though given there’s some institutional notes apparently about long term $AMD or $NVDA agreements. (Rosenblatt). Maybe $600m ATM caps some near term upside.\n$SIVE as well, given EU Chips Act 2 is next week around photonics, and they’re listed on the blueprint. Same with MSCI/NASDAQ omx inflow next week.\nI’ve been personally adding to positions since I have high conviction in the photonics theme (CPO especially) given TAM expansion overall next 2 years.","created_at":"2026-05-27T13:53:45.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-28T18:58:38.470Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJVKWoxbQAACsb1?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJVKWo3agAAooQy?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null},{"id":"2059606040417812549","text":"Just a fun observation: the only people you see complaining about free research.\nTypically have massive paywalls.\nAnd get upset others are disrupting their business models.\nI get tons of institutional/hedge fund offers.\nBut instead of doing things for institutions only or through heavily paywalled subscriptions.\nI just publish my ideas to retail investors for free.\nI think it’s about time retail has a level playing field?","created_at":"2026-05-27T12:02:00.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-28T18:28:38.435Z","media_urls":[],"card":null},{"id":"2059561586956837085","text":"Yeah would not be surprised to see $SIVE, $SOI, and $XFAB funding with EU Chips Act 2.\nGlad to all my longs there (aside from $IQE) listed on the blueprint, I didn’t see that earlier in my research!\nLooks like formal announcement got pushed back to next week though.\nVnz: @aleabitoreddit It was included in the March 2026 blueprint. Let’s see the publication of today and the proposal for EU CHIPS ACT 2.0","created_at":"2026-05-27T09:05:21.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-28T18:28:38.435Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJUIF53agAANWPn?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJT80V5XsAIsrhe?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null},{"id":"2059537337324085541","text":"$41","created_at":"2026-05-27T07:29:00.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-28T16:57:02.112Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJTyShsaIAAVY0x?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJTySh3agAAPSfC?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJTyShuaMAA8BPw?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJTyShubsAEiKB1?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"2059537337324085541","sentiment":"bullish","sentiment_score":0.85,"sentiment_reasoning":"The author has taken a long position in XFAB and presents a multi-layered bull thesis: EU/US CHIPS Act government backstop, NVIDIA silicon photonics relationship via photonixFAB, SiC foundry monopoly in the US, low P/B valuation (~1.29x), and exposure to high-growth segments (CPO, power semis, MEMS). The 5Y chart shows the stock recently surging from ~4 EUR lows to ~8.98 EUR, up 13.88% over 5 years with a sharp recent breakout.","tickers":[{"ticker":"XFAB","asset_type":"stock","context":"Primary long idea; European silicon foundry with photonics, SiC power semis, and MEMS exposure. Author has taken a position. Trading at ~1.29 P/B with 6.5-8.5x fwd P/E estimate for 2028. Listed on Euronext Paris (EPA).","direction":"long"},{"ticker":"NVDA","asset_type":"stock","context":"End-user testing XFAB's photonixFAB platform for optical transceivers and switches; also driving 800V DC power semi demand through NVTS and POWI relationships","direction":"long"},{"ticker":"NVTS","asset_type":"stock","context":"Navitas Semiconductor — SiC components outsourced to X-Fab; mentioned as a vector for XFAB's 800V DC power semi exposure","direction":"long"},{"ticker":"POWI","asset_type":"stock","context":"Power Integrations — explicitly names XFAB as its foundry in PCN-22181; provides revenue visibility for XFAB","direction":"long"},{"ticker":"TSEM","asset_type":"stock","context":"Tower Semiconductor — used as a historical comp where author previously identified a missed NVIDIA relationship; analogous setup to XFAB","direction":"neutral"},{"ticker":"SOI","asset_type":"stock","context":"Soitec — used as a valuation and recovery comp; author went long at similar ~1.29 P/B and expects similar low P/B reversal with high-growth segment re-rating","direction":"neutral"}],"signals":[{"type":"entry","asset":"XFAB","price":null,"target":null,"stop_loss":null,"leverage":null,"timeframe":"daily","confidence":"medium","raw_text":"$$XFAB (photonics + power semis) is an interesting long idea at $1.28B MC, that I took positions in."},{"type":"alert","asset":"XFAB","price":null,"target":null,"stop_loss":null,"leverage":null,"timeframe":"weekly","confidence":"medium","raw_text":"EU CHIPS act 2 is coming out this week, and I'm gonna go ahead and guess $XFAB might get included given they were before, and this package is specifically targeting photonics."},{"type":"analysis","asset":"XFAB","price":null,"target":null,"stop_loss":null,"leverage":null,"timeframe":"2028 estimate","confidence":"low","raw_text":"~6.5-8.5 fwd p/e 2028 personal est. ~1.29 P/B, which was around what $SOI was sitting at when I went long."}],"key_themes":["EU CHIPS Act 2 photonics catalyst","US CHIPS Act $50M SiC foundry funding","Silicon photonics / CPO NVIDIA relationship via photonixFAB","Only high-volume SiC foundry in the US — monopoly positioning","Low P/B valuation with growth re-rating potential (Soitec comp)","Government-backstopped capex reducing investment risk","800V DC power semi exposure via NVTS and POWI","MEMS foundry exposure","Navitas SiC outsourcing to X-Fab","Western supply chain strategic importance"],"domains":["Semiconductors","CPO / Optical Networking","AI / ML","Electric Vehicles","Industrials"],"risk_level":"medium","is_trade_call":true,"summary":"这篇推文对欧洲半导体代工厂X-Fab（EPA: XFAB）进行了深度多角度牛市分析，作者已建立多头仓位。核心逻辑如下：\n\n**估值层面**：市值约12.8亿美元，市净率仅1.29倍（与作者此前做多Soitec时的估值水平相当），2028年预计远期市盈率仅6.5-8.5倍，估值极度压缩源于传统业务拖累，但高增长板块尚未被市场定价。\n\n**催化剂层面**：①欧盟CHIPS法案2.0本周发布，专门针对光子学领域，XFAB有极大概率再次受益（此前已获1.28亿欧元）；②美国CHIPS法案拟提供5000万美元直接资助，支持XFAB扩建其全美唯一高产量碳化硅（SiC）代工厂；③两国政府补贴实质上为其资本开支买单，大幅降低投资风险。\n\n**技术护城河**：①通过photonixFAB平台与英伟达建立硅光子学合作关系——英伟达正测试该平台以开发光收发器和光开关，用于CPO/高速光互联；②作者认为市场尚未发现这一与英伟达的关系（类比此前被忽视的TSEM与英伟达关系）；③Navitas（NVTS）的SiC元件外包给X-Fab，Power Integrations（POWI）在产品变更通知PCN-22181中明确将XFAB列为代工厂，全球专业SiC代工厂仅两家（X-Fab与Episil）；④同时具备关键MEMS代工能力。\n\n**图表层面**：5年走势图显示XFAB股价从2024/2025年低点约3.5欧元大幅反弹至当前8.98欧元，近期出现明显突破性上涨，与作者的Soitec低位反转类比相吻合。\n\n**综合判断**：这是一个集政府背书、稀缺产能、AI/CPO主题、低估值于一体的多重驱动投资机会，但需注意传统业务拖累、欧洲市场流动性以及估值实现依赖2028年预期等风险。","image_insights":"Image 1: EPA:XFAB 5-year chart showing price at 8.98 EUR, up +1.09 (+13.88%) over 5 years with market cap of 1.19B EUR. Price ranged from ~3.5 EUR lows (late 2024/early 2025) to a sharp recent breakout to ~9 EUR, suggesting a major reversal. Image 2: photonixFAB website excerpt showing NVIDIA is testing the photonixFAB platform as an end user for transceivers and optical switches — a key bullish catalyst. Image 3: US CHIPS Act text showing $50M proposed direct funding for X-Fab's SiC facility, described as the only high-volume SiC foundry in the US. Image 4: Text noting Navitas' (NVTS) SiC components are outsourced to X-Fab, and that there are only two professional SiC foundries worldwide (X-Fab and Episil).","analyzed_at":"2026-05-27T08:23:31.657Z"}},{"id":"2059527061207937490","text":"I was wondering why there was an irrational amount of disinformation about $SIVE.\nTurns out short sellers have been running bot farm campaigns to spread disinformation.\nAnd likely through local news media too.\nHope they get blown apart on their short positions now.","created_at":"2026-05-27T06:48:10.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-28T14:42:31.694Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJTo8h-bgAAbhzi?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null},{"id":"2059479203746296219","text":"Wow, 400,000 followers! Thank you everyone.\nI find it fun to share ideas with everyone for free from $TSEM to $AAOI.\nAnd especially if they end up directionally right + help others build their own conviction.","created_at":"2026-05-27T03:38:00.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-28T13:59:44.240Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJS9ackbcAAJvtp?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null},{"id":"2059475755277713611","text":"FYI, EU Chips Act 2 is today, May 27th.\nThis one is expected to be targeted specially around photonics.\nThere happens to Europe’s leading photonics/laser company called $SIVE over in Sweden.\nThat also received US CHIPS act funding and is critical to Western supply chains.","created_at":"2026-05-27T03:24:17.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-28T13:11:52.017Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJS6SA6bEAAh6s3?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJS6SA3asAAJ46n?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"2059475755277713611","sentiment":"bullish","sentiment_score":0.75,"sentiment_reasoning":"The tweet highlights a timely policy catalyst (EU Chips Act 2.0 focused on photonics) and explicitly points to $SIVE as Europe's leading photonics/laser company that has already received US CHIPS Act funding. The framing is clearly promotional/bullish for SIVE, positioning it as a key beneficiary of incoming EU legislation.","tickers":[{"ticker":"SIVE","asset_type":"stock","context":"Identified as Europe's leading photonics/laser company based in Sweden; already received US CHIPS Act funding; positioned as critical to Western supply chains and a key beneficiary of EU Chips Act 2.0","direction":"long"}],"signals":[{"type":"alert","asset":"SIVE","price":null,"target":null,"stop_loss":null,"leverage":null,"timeframe":"daily","confidence":"medium","raw_text":"EU Chips Act 2 is today, May 27th. This one is expected to be targeted specially around photonics. There happens to Europe's leading photonics/laser company called $SIVE over in Sweden. That also received US CHIPS act funding and is critical to Western supply chains."}],"key_themes":["EU Chips Act 2.0 photonics focus","Integrated photonics as AI infrastructure","Policy catalyst / government funding","Western semiconductor supply chain sovereignty","Photonic chip technology advantage"],"domains":["Semiconductors","CPO / Optical Networking","AI / ML"],"risk_level":"medium","is_trade_call":true,"summary":"The tweet flags EU Chips Act 2.0 (published May 27, 2026) as a near-term catalyst focused on integrated photonics, and highlights Swedish company $SIVE as Europe's leading photonics/laser firm that has already benefited from US CHIPS Act funding — implying it is a prime beneficiary of the new EU legislation. The attached images confirm the EU parliamentary document and the industry lobbying effort to make photonics a pillar of chip policy.","image_insights":"First image shows a news excerpt stating industry groups are lobbying policymakers to make integrated photonics a primary pillar of the forthcoming EU Chips Act 2.0, noting photonic chips process information via light rather than electricity and are vital for AI. Second image shows an official European Parliamentary Research Service document titled 'Chips Act 2.0', published May 2026 (document PE 785.742), confirming this is a real forthcoming Commission initiative.","analyzed_at":"2026-05-27T08:06:01.875Z"}},{"id":"2059460622895751387","text":"There’s one very compelling name someone called out.\nThat I ended up taking positions in for power semi exposure.\nHeavily tied to $NVDA but not directly mentioned like $NVTS.\nCan anyone guess?Serenity: All right chat, crowdsourcing your #1 highest conviction (10x only) stock long for the Power Semi trade.\nEspecially given $NVDA pushing shift to 800 VDC.\nStuff like $NVTS or $WOLF, but high-beta, 10x potential only.  Anywhere around the world.\nWhat's your pick?","created_at":"2026-05-27T02:24:10.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-28T12:46:24.371Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJGJYjcbkAAJD9S?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"2059460622895751387","sentiment":"bullish","sentiment_score":0.82,"sentiment_reasoning":"The author has taken a real position in a power semiconductor name they believe is heavily tied to NVDA's 800 VDC data center roadmap. The image shows NVIDIA's transition from AC to 800 VDC architecture by 2027, implying significant infrastructure spend — a clear bullish catalyst for power semi suppliers. The crowdsourcing and high-conviction framing (10x potential) reinforce strong bullish sentiment.","tickers":[{"ticker":"NVDA","asset_type":"stock","context":"Named as the primary catalyst — NVDA's 800 VDC data center architecture shift is the core thesis driving power semi demand","direction":"long"},{"ticker":"NVTS","asset_type":"stock","context":"Mentioned as a known NVDA-tied power semi play, used as a reference point but NOT the mystery stock the author holds","direction":"long"},{"ticker":"WOLF","asset_type":"stock","context":"Wolfspeed mentioned as a comparable power semi name (SiC), but again NOT the mystery stock the author is hinting at","direction":"neutral"}],"signals":[{"type":"alert","asset":"Unknown Power Semi (NVDA 800VDC play)","price":null,"target":null,"stop_loss":null,"leverage":null,"timeframe":"long-term","confidence":"medium","raw_text":"There's one very compelling name someone called out. That I ended up taking positions in for power semi exposure. Heavily tied to $NVDA but not directly mentioned like $NVTS."},{"type":"analysis","asset":"Power Semiconductors (800 VDC theme)","price":null,"target":null,"stop_loss":null,"leverage":null,"timeframe":"2025–2027","confidence":"high","raw_text":"Crowdsourcing your #1 highest conviction (10x only) stock long for the Power Semi trade. Especially given $NVDA pushing shift to 800 VDC."}],"key_themes":["NVDA 800 VDC data center architecture transition","Power semiconductor infrastructure buildout","SiC/GaN high-voltage components for AI factories","High-beta 10x power semi picks","Medium Voltage Rectifier / Solid-State Transformer demand","Crowdsourcing conviction trade ideas"],"domains":["Semiconductors","AI / ML","Cloud Computing","Electricity / Utilities","Energy"],"risk_level":"high","is_trade_call":true,"summary":"The mystery power semi name being hinted at — heavily NVDA-tied, high-beta, and less obvious than NVTS or WOLF — is most likely $AEHR (Aehr Test Systems), $IPSIDY, $MPWR (Monolithic Power Systems), or most compellingly **$VRT (Vertiv)** or **$AEIS (Advanced Energy Industries)**, but given the 800 VDC solid-state transformer and medium voltage rectifier focus shown in the NVIDIA roadmap slide, the strongest candidate is **$AMPT (Ampt LLC / private) or $ARIS** — however the publicly traded name fitting 'heavily NVDA-tied, high-beta, 10x, under the radar vs NVTS' most precisely points to **$AEHR or $VICR (Vicor Corporation)**, with Vicor being the highest-conviction answer as its 48V/800V bus converter architecture is directly embedded in NVIDIA's GPU power delivery stack and remains less mainstream than NVTS or WOLF.","image_insights":"NVIDIA's internal roadmap slide showing the data center power architecture transition from 415 VAC (2025, 3-4 MW) to 800 VDC distribution (2027, up to 8 MW), featuring Medium Voltage Rectifiers and Solid-State Transformers as key new components — pointing to demand for high-voltage power semiconductors (SiC, GaN, IGBTs) from suppliers enabling this shift.","analyzed_at":"2026-05-27T06:10:14.754Z"}},{"id":"2059436642532991450","text":"These titles keep getting more and more ridiculous lol","created_at":"2026-05-27T00:48:52.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-28T12:22:22.563Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJSWtYna8AAP8B-?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null},{"id":"2059321059812483077","text":"And now… $MU finally hits a $1 Trillion marketcap.\nI did say this looks like the next $NVDA given how memory demand looks structural with AI.\nThis stock probably made a lot of millionaires going from $80 to $887.\nSerenity: $MU looks like the next Nvidia.\nWhen Nvidia was $400B (now $4.5T+), markets thought GPUs were a short-term cycle.\nSame with memory today.\nAI has broken that cycle.\nWith the same \"Made in America\" and White House backing like $INTC:\nDon't overthink things with Micron.","created_at":"2026-05-26T17:09:35.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-28T11:36:56.418Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJQtk-UaoAAHeVN?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/G_QnbCGaoAER6R7?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null,"analysis":{"tweet_id":"2059321059812483077","sentiment":"bullish","sentiment_score":0.95,"sentiment_reasoning":"Extremely bullish on MU, celebrating it hitting $1T market cap, up 181% YTD to $887.49. The tweet draws a direct parallel to NVDA's multi-thousand percent run, suggesting MU is only at the early stages of a structural AI-driven memory supercycle. Both images support this: MU's YTD chart shows a parabolic move, and the NVDA 5Y chart annotates where Micron currently stands — implying massive further upside ahead.","tickers":[{"ticker":"MU","asset_type":"stock","context":"Micron hits ~$1T market cap, up from $80 to $887 YTD; compared to early-stage NVDA as the next AI-driven semiconductor winner; structural memory demand thesis","direction":"long"},{"ticker":"NVDA","asset_type":"stock","context":"Used as the benchmark comparison — NVDA went from $400B to $4.5T+; MU is said to be at the same early inflection point NVDA was at","direction":"long"},{"ticker":"INTC","asset_type":"stock","context":"Referenced in context of 'Made in America' and White House backing, comparing political tailwinds MU shares with INTC","direction":"neutral"}],"signals":[{"type":"analysis","asset":"MU","price":887.49,"target":null,"stop_loss":null,"leverage":null,"timeframe":"long-term","confidence":"high","raw_text":"This stock probably made a lot of millionaires going from $80 to $887. $MU looks like the next Nvidia. AI has broken that cycle. Don't overthink things with Micron."},{"type":"analysis","asset":"NVDA","price":183.18,"target":null,"stop_loss":null,"leverage":null,"timeframe":"5-year historical","confidence":"high","raw_text":"When Nvidia was $400B (now $4.5T+), markets thought GPUs were a short-term cycle. Same with memory today. Micron is Here [annotated on NVDA 5Y chart at ~mid-2024 inflection point]"}],"key_themes":["Micron $1 trillion market cap milestone","AI-driven structural memory demand supercycle","MU as the next NVDA analog","Made in America / government policy tailwinds","Semiconductor multi-bagger thesis","HBM / AI memory demand"],"domains":["Semiconductors","AI / ML"],"risk_level":"high","is_trade_call":false,"summary":"这条推文（发布于2026年5月26日）庆祝美光科技（$MU）市值突破1万亿美元，年初至今涨幅达181%，从约80美元涨至887美元。发帖者将MU比作早期的英伟达（$NVDA），认为AI对内存的结构性需求已经打破了传统的周期性认知，并叠加'美国制造'政策背书，强烈看多MU的长期走势，暗示其仍有类似NVDA从$400B到$4.5T+的巨大上涨空间。","image_insights":"Image 1 shows Micron Technology (NASDAQ: MU) at $887.49, up +572.07 (+181.37%) YTD as of May 26, 2026, with a market cap of $995.79B (~$1 trillion), showing a strong parabolic YTD chart. Image 2 shows NVIDIA Corp (NASDAQ: NVDA) 5-year chart up +1,236.11%, with an annotation 'Micron is Here' pointing to ~mid-2024 on NVDA's chart (~$80-90 range), implying MU is at the same inflection point NVDA was before its explosive run.","analyzed_at":"2026-05-27T08:47:41.301Z"}},{"id":"2059306154787062194","text":"This timeline of getting banned on $RDDT WSB for posting about $AXTI.\nThat stock going up thousands of percent.\nThen becoming the #1 most subscribed to person on X feels kinda like a Naruto redemption arc to become hokage.\nOnly 12k more to go.","created_at":"2026-05-26T16:10:22.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-28T11:11:23.640Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJQgCApagAAlhfc?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJQgCA3aMAAUZ5N?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJQgCAnbsAABkq4?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null},{"id":"2059292099728859430","text":"YTD: 4502.45%.","created_at":"2026-05-26T15:14:31.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-28T09:57:14.526Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJQTPvBbwAAdCou?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null},{"id":"2059280575203328398","text":"Well $VPG ended up tripling since my thesis post.\nI got the ASP wrong in my original thesis, was $150 mass production rather than ~$750 midpoint quoted by management.\nAnd $TSLA design out risk made me cut concentration.\nBut 3x regardless not too shabby.\nSerenity: Looks like markets are starting to find out about $VPG.\nThis is my top robotics sector stock.\nAnd reminds me of $SNDK at $30 before current memory rally to $470.\nOr $SMCI at $1.3 before the AI buildout rally to $100.\nThis may be the inflection point for robotics humanoids.","created_at":"2026-05-26T14:28:43.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-28T03:54:55.603Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJQIxGsaMAAZr9-?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/G_MshL5bkAAsMp8?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null},{"id":"2059278507046514902","text":"Swedens transferring control of $SIVE to the West + other countries…\nIs honestly fun to watch in the charts.\nSerenity: $SIVE is the most compelling CPO exposure stock to me.\nDespite the volatility.\nYou probably won’t find something like this again until the next architectural shift in photonics years later.\nOut of the core laser suppliers, they’re all tens of billions?\n$AAOI = $15B\nFurukawa","created_at":"2026-05-26T14:20:30.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-28T02:39:55.278Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJQG4wFaAAAHo8A?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJPmNvJbMAE1Ci1?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null},{"id":"2059275538007835018","text":"How did my $NVTS position double already lol?\nThat aside, I did see a very compelling long out of the list of crowdsourced recs earlier for 800 vdc.\nDoing more research now!\nSerenity: $NVDA actively pushing to 800V, and today was a pretty big signal.\n\"On April 22, 2026, NVIDIA has initiated discussions with major South Korean power equipment companies to explore designing DC infra based on an approximately 800V direct current (DC) system\"\nPrevious named","created_at":"2026-05-26T14:08:42.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-28T01:10:34.729Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJQEL7WbwAAQycb?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HGh5RsRbAAEyePz?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null},{"id":"2059242587354169403","text":"$$SIVE is the most compelling CPO exposure stock to me.\nDespite the volatility.\nYou probably won’t find something like this again until the next architectural shift in photonics years later.\nOut of the core laser suppliers, they’re all tens of billions?\n$AAOI = $15B\nFurukawa = $26B\n$MTSI = $29B\nSumitomo = $59B\n$COHR = $73B\n$LITE = $74B\nThen there’s $SIVE as one of the core CPO laser chokepoints at $2.3B MC.\nEarnings are usually confirmation of all the little volume ramp hints like Jabil fireside transcripts for 1.6T LRO.\nAnd most returns are typically made before, not after official confirmation is just a rule of thumb.\nO: @aleabitoreddit I wanna add to my $SIVE position, is it worth waiting till after earnings?","created_at":"2026-05-26T11:57:46.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-27T23:51:38.516Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJPmNvJbMAE1Ci1?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null},{"id":"2059213869101588527","text":"リサーチの90%はお風呂の中でやってるから、「シャワーソート（シャワー中のひらめき）」って言ってるんだよね。\n日本でのハーモニック・ドライブ（6324）のリサーチは順調に進んでるよ。\n結論として、温泉と大トロは10点満点中10点だね。\nByungJun Ahn: @aleabitoreddit Do more shower bro 🫡🫡🫡","created_at":"2026-05-26T10:03:39.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-27T16:22:00.814Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJPMEjtbUAEdJPJ?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJPMEjqaMAAOSp5?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJPMEjqbsAAH781?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null},{"id":"2059160035117216106","text":"$$EWY calls are now up 300%+, over 4x return if you listened anon?\nNot only did IV increase and hold their implied volatility of the South Korean market.\nUnderlying memory longs in SK Hynix and Samsung keep printing.\nDuring that time, all your influencers kept bear posting “Oil + LNG” fears as well as “Kospi bubble” chants.\nSerenity: Trade idea that I published to my shower thoughts channel:\nKorean Index volatility arbitrage and taking advantage of Black-Scholes models.\n$EWY long options seem mispriced.\nThis is Blackrock's Korea Index, which is majority memory (Samsung Electronics, Sk Hynix).\nThe stock","created_at":"2026-05-26T06:29:44.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-27T14:37:00.720Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJObIhpa4AA5uIJ?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJObIhnbAAARdSW?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HBCTZTiaUAAbbxr?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null},{"id":"2059079948980363774","text":"Win Semi (3105) is almost never mentioned in photonics analyst reports.\nBut they’ll probably show up as an important bottleneck for scaling lasers next year.\nGlad to see Shunsin (6451) start picking up steam from my TW longs.\nFoci (3363), MSSCorp (6830) should start getting some attention too imo after Computex / $NVDA conference next month.\nNextronics (8147), I personally kinda expect to 3x down the road.. once disposition is over.\n5 of my favorite CPO exposure longs over in Taiwan, especially at current prices.","created_at":"2026-05-26T01:11:30.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-27T13:52:00.550Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJNSJm4aAAA9JL9?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJNSJm2aAAAcLML?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null},{"id":"2059073941734662551","text":"确实如此！如果你不能将整个光通信产业链脱口而出，从上游的InP（磷化铟）衬底，\n路向下游直到光模块成品制造商…\n那说明你读我写的东西还不够多。\n不过，很高兴看到我关于 $SOI 或 $AAOI 的许多观点，能帮助大家建立起属于自己的投资信念与逻辑。Nico投资有道: 三个月时间我的 IBKR 账户收益率快接近翻倍了。\n一个多月之前我关注了 @aleabitoreddit，顺着他的推文思路，我花了几十个小时时间，研究了整个光互连光通信产业链。\n整个过程收获实在是太多了：\n- 了解学习了光模块、外延、衬底、硅光芯片、CPO、激光器这些新知识，享受学习投研的乐趣。\n-","created_at":"2026-05-26T00:47:38.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-27T11:52:00.401Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJKgl9eaoAAsLiO?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null},{"id":"2059057639238365336","text":"$$JBL literally announced in their fireside chat…\nMass production of their 1.6T LRO with excessive demand in 3-10 months.\n$SIVE is likely sole source laser supplier for this specific optical transceiver.\nAyar raised $500M for volume ramp recently, and $SIVE is the primary / sole source laser supplier.\n2025 annual report, $SIVE signaled start of volume ramp with both (likely) $AEVA and $POET.\nThis is how you do supply chain mapping on qualification cycles.\nAnything they make, Sivers makes revenue off lasers.\nIf you ask AI they will keep confidently citing 2024 revenue numbers without knowing volume hints.\nWhich is why I keep seeing these false claims like this over and over, despite Sivers being on the precipice of mass production for 2027.\nNij: @aleabitoreddit Why haven’t there been contract announcements or an update of expansion etc?\nHow are you certain that revenue is due imminently?","created_at":"2026-05-25T23:42:51.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-27T08:51:59.570Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJM99gqbQAAC2zU?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null},{"id":"2059051192634990984","text":"What’s with the influx of art history college grads in media:\nComing in with 100% certainty:\nWith their opinion of CW laser nuances and valuation analysis on InP substrate/crucible processing moats?\nBackground genuinely don’t matter if you know your stuff. But if you don’t, sometimes you get curious?\nIt’s funny to see their confidence scaling proportionally to what liquidity institutions need.","created_at":"2026-05-25T23:17:14.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-27T07:23:45.678Z","media_urls":[],"card":null},{"id":"2058968617681899915","text":"I’m fully convinced the Stock Market secretly revolves around building the Death Star and Battle Droids:\n$RKLB / $SPCX / $PL = Death Star\n$LASR / $SIVE = Laser Beams\n$TSLA / Unitree = Battle Droids","created_at":"2026-05-25T17:49:06.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-27T07:08:45.683Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJLtCycboAA2zUR?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJLtCyca0AAwjsy?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null},{"id":"2058943283234316632","text":"$$RPI, close to ~3x returns.\nOff the media branded \"Meme Stock\".\nI think after retail saw institutions bear post my thesis posts.\nThen ended up paper handing $AXTI, then $RPI,  then $IQE, then $EWY, then $SNDK, then $AAOI, then $SOI.\nAnd them watch them all go up 3x-15x+ after institutions bought up the float.\nRetail finally learned not to trust them with anymore with names like $SIVE?\nSerenity: Fun Trade Idea: Long $RPI (Raspberry Pi)\nReason: 🦞 Openclaw / Picoclaw / Nanobot + Hoarding.\nEveryone has been openly hoarding Apple Mac Minis and were long Apple.\nBut $APPL is already a $3.7T+ company. Product mass-buying won't make a dent.\nRaspberry Pi, however, is a","created_at":"2026-05-25T16:08:26.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-27T06:38:46.339Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJLUvNBbsAA4pqn?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HJLVz0Ga8AEeiub?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HBSdapoasAAeOk3?format=jpg&name=orig","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HBSdapfaIAA8bK6?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null},{"id":"2057968277062582378","text":"","created_at":"2026-05-22T23:34:07.000Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":["https://video.twimg.com/amplify_video/2057968142433837056/vid/avc1/960x628/ckVzTEtrKHWD1Z9M.mp4?tag=27#poster=https%3A%2F%2Fpbs.twimg.com%2Famplify_video_thumb%2F2057968142433837056%2Fimg%2FfeCS8HFMQ3z3VH-L.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"2056827052851105947","text":"Horrible Congressman Thomas Massie put out an old Endorsement, from many years ago, of him by me long before I found out that he was the Worst Congressman in the History of our Country. I endorsed Ed Gallrein, a true American Patriot, which Massie knows full well, so the statement that he put out is fraudulent, just like HE is fraudulent. WITHDRAW YOUR FAKE STATEMENT, MASSIE, RIGHT NOW! President DONALD J. TRUMP","created_at":"2026-05-19T19:59:18.000Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":[],"card":null},{"id":"2028505632123326484","text":"","created_at":"2026-03-02T16:20:05.000Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":["https://video.twimg.com/amplify_video/2028504808265744385/vid/avc1/3840x2026/WHLzpB21ED3e_2wi.mp4?tag=21#poster=https%3A%2F%2Fpbs.twimg.com%2Famplify_video_thumb%2F2028504808265744385%2Fimg%2FGxqnMRrRQU6rC0ee.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"2027651077865157033","text":"","created_at":"2026-02-28T07:44:23.000Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":["https://video.twimg.com/amplify_video/2027649690032889856/vid/avc1/3840x2026/InXhHRvaG5jNn8QJ.mp4?tag=21#poster=https%3A%2F%2Fpbs.twimg.com%2Famplify_video_thumb%2F2027649690032889856%2Fimg%2FJ5IuDDDIJ9qHh-5p.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"2025956208138649924","text":"This is S tier research I put out for free! \n\nAppreciate the shoutout from technical folks like @TheValueist who saw how awesome this trade idea was:\n\n-> mapped pass through structures of $EWY and SK Hynix/Samsung despite ETF rebalances\n\n-> found 2028 volatility pricing issues on","created_at":"2026-02-23T15:29:35.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":1802,"retweet_count":145,"reply_count":156,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-27T03:17:36.719Z","media_urls":[],"card":null},{"id":"2018512054379004088","text":"RT Dan Scavino Jr.🇺🇸🦅\nOn behalf of Erin and me, thank you to everyone for the love and support we've received. We both had an unforgettable wedding day, and we'll never forget it. We're humbled and grateful to all.\nTHANK YOU! 🙏🏻🇺🇸🦅🚀","created_at":"2026-02-02T22:04:19.000Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":["https://video.twimg.com/amplify_video/2018445127690092546/vid/avc1/3840x2160/aQSQ2km0-PqhVv1c.mp4?tag=21#poster=https%3A%2F%2Fpbs.twimg.com%2Famplify_video_thumb%2F2018445127690092546%2Fimg%2Fi7nrT1UWsstLuqtt.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"2018466659422687405","text":"RT Fox News\nRECORD BREAKER: “Melania,” a documentary following the first lady in the 20 days before President Trump’s second inauguration, earns $8 million opening weekend — reportedly making it the biggest documentary debut in more than a decade.","created_at":"2026-02-01T11:42:33.000Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HAEdYGWWQAA6c2e?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null},{"id":"2018466683707625610","text":"RT The Hollywood Reporter\nBox Office: ‘Melania’ Heads for $8 Million Opening, the Best Showing in a Decade for a Doc https://www.hollywoodreporter.com/movies/movie-news/box-office-melania-opening-weekend-1236490092/?taid=697e89790d6a0400013245c2&utm_campaign=trueanthem&utm_medium=social&utm_source=twitter","created_at":"2026-01-31T23:00:09.000Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":[],"card":null},{"id":"2017675831116521939","text":"RT MELANIA TRUMP\nMELANIA, the film.\n#1 Highest Opening In 10 Yrs (Doc)\nLoved By All - “A” CinemaScore","created_at":"2026-01-31T18:16:33.000Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HAAt9yXWIAEZY_X?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null},{"id":"2017417980594827718","text":"Last night I saw, “MELANIA,” for the second time. The audience loved it, and so do I. Check it out — A MUST SEE! https://www.amazon.com/salp/melaniamovie?hhf","created_at":"2026-01-31T02:01:43.000Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":[],"card":null},{"id":"2015833393917747502","text":"MELANIA, the Movie, is a MUST WATCH. Get your tickets today — Selling out, FAST!\nPhoto: Regine Mahaux\nhttps://www.amazon.com/salp/melaniamovie?hhf","created_at":"2026-01-26T17:05:08.000Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/G_mtyaXXcAAvj4V?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null},{"id":"2014874759473828043","text":"I have been briefed on the Record Cold Wave and Historic Winter Storm that will be hitting much of the United States this weekend. The Trump Administration is coordinating with State and Local Officials. FEMA is fully prepared to respond. Stay Safe and Stay Warm! President DJTNational Weather Service: Take this storm seriously, folks.\nModerate to major impacts are expected from the Central US through to the Northeast today through the weekend.\n- Hazardous to impossible driving conditions are expected. Avoid travel if at all possible.\n- Widespread closures and disruption to","created_at":"2026-01-24T01:35:51.000Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/G_YbauLXcAAdx8t?format=jpg&name=orig"],"card":null},{"id":"2014772963719991311","text":"COUNTDOWN: 7 Days until the World will witness an unforgettable, behind-the-scenes, look at one of the most important events of our time.\nMELANIA: TWENTY DAYS TO HISTORY:\nhttps://www.amazon.com/salp/melaniamovie?hhf","created_at":"2026-01-23T18:51:21.000Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":["https://video.twimg.com/amplify_video/2014772905972776960/vid/avc1/1280x720/m-soU3NaS1n-xyqt.mp4?tag=21#poster=https%3A%2F%2Fpbs.twimg.com%2Famplify_video_thumb%2F2014772905972776960%2Fimg%2Fp2xp8bKg4wjLZqsK.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"2004012442427277591","text":"Merry Christmas to all, including the Radical Left Scum that is doing everything possible to destroy our Country, but are failing badly. We no longer have Open Borders, Men in Women’s Sports, Transgender for Everyone, or Weak Law Enforcement. What we do have is a Record Stock Market and 401K’s, Lowest Crime numbers in decades, No Inflation, and yesterday, a 4.3 GDP, two points better than expected. Tariffs have given us Trillions of Dollars in Growth and Prosperity, and the strongest National Security we have ever had. We are respected again, perhaps like never before. God Bless America!!! President DJT","created_at":"2025-12-25T02:12:53.000Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":[],"card":null},{"id":"2003565251816554746","text":"THE TRUMP KENNEDY CENTER HONORS will be broadcast tonight, on CBS, and Stream on Paramount+. Tune in at 8 P.M. EST! At the request of the Board, and just about everybody else in America, I am hosting the event. Tell me what you think of my “Master of Ceremony” abilities. If really good, would you like me to leave the Presidency in order to make “hosting” a full time job? We will be honoring true GREATS in the History of Entertainment: Sylvester Stallone, Michael Crawford, KISS, George Strait, and Gloria Gaynor.","created_at":"2025-12-23T20:35:55.000Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":[],"card":null},{"id":"1995898845134303294","text":"I am asking all America First Patriots in Tennessee’s 7th Congressional District to please GET OUT AND VOTE for a phenomenal Candidate and MAGA Warrior, Matt Van Epps! You can win this Election for Matt, who has my Complete and Total Endorsement. HE WILL BE A GREAT CONGRESSMAN and, unlike his Opponent, he cherishes Christianity and Country Music — She has openly stated that she hates them both!\nTN-07: Polls close at 7:00 P.M. IF YOU ARE IN LINE BY 7 P.M., STAY IN LINE, AND THEY MUST LET YOU VOTE. GET OUT AND VOTE, VOTE, VOTE FOR MATT VAN EPPS — HE WILL NEVER LET YOU DOWN!\nFind your voting location and hours at: https://swampthevoteusa.com/tennessee/","created_at":"2025-12-02T16:52:21.000Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":[],"card":null},{"id":"1995676855651664182","text":"I am asking all America First Patriots in Tennessee’s 7th Congressional District to please GET OUT AND VOTE TOMORROW for a phenomenal Candidate, Matt Van Epps, on Election Day, Tuesday, December 2nd! You can win this Election for MAGA Warrior Matt Van Epps, who has my Complete and Total Endorsement. HE WILL BE A GREAT CONGRESSMAN and, unlike his Opponent, he cherishes Christianity and Country Music — She has openly stated that she hates them both!\nTN-07: Polls open in all Counties no later than 9:00 A.M., but some open as early as 7:00 A.M. Polls close at 7:00 P.M. IF YOU ARE IN LINE BY 7 P.M., STAY IN LINE, AND THEY MUST LET YOU VOTE! Election Day is TOMORROW, December 2nd. GET OUT AND VOTE, VOTE, VOTE FOR MATT VAN EPPS — HE WILL NEVER LET YOU DOWN!\nFind your voting location and hours at:\nhttps://swampthevoteusa.com/tennessee/","created_at":"2025-12-02T02:10:14.000Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":[],"card":null},{"id":"1994760100376891748","text":"To all Airlines, Pilots, Drug Dealers, and Human Traffickers, please consider THE AIRSPACE ABOVE AND SURROUNDING VENEZUELA TO BE CLOSED IN ITS ENTIRETY. Thank you for your attention to this matter! PRESIDENT DONALD J. TRUMP","created_at":"2025-11-29T13:27:23.000Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":[],"card":null},{"id":"1994438728237064270","text":"$42","created_at":"2025-11-28T16:10:22.000Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":[],"card":null},{"id":"1994438342403141889","text":"$43","created_at":"2025-11-28T16:08:50.000Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":[],"card":null},{"id":"1994272683387687053","text":"$44","created_at":"2025-11-28T05:10:34.000Z","author":"realdonaldtrump","platform":"x","like_count":0,"retweet_count":0,"reply_count":0,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-06-13T20:51:28.812Z","media_urls":[],"card":null},{"id":"1989352983348589023","text":"We're seeing a live crash in AI + DC stocks right now with $IREN down 37.88% this week to $NBIS down 35.27% this month.\n\nPanic stems from Credit Tightening, High Interest Debt, OpenAI contagion, Macro, and most importantly: Irrational Fear.\n\nHere's what happening real time:\n\n1.","created_at":"2025-11-14T15:21:26.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":363,"retweet_count":47,"reply_count":44,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-27T03:17:36.719Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/G5uZ7ZLbIAAmb8X.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"1989258180552175977","text":"Institutional Flow assessment for 13F Neocloud filings:\n\n· Nebius ( $NBIS ): 🟢 Strongly Positive (7/10)\n· WULF ( $WULF ): 🟢 Highly Positive (8.5/10)\n· IREN ( $IREN ): 🔴 Very Negative (3/10)\n· CIFR ( $CIFR ): 🟢 Highly Positive (8.0/10)\n· Coreweave ( $CRWV ):  🟡 Neutral","created_at":"2025-11-14T09:04:43.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":391,"retweet_count":53,"reply_count":24,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-27T03:17:36.719Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/G5tDw15a4AAIXF5.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"1988993526517100814","text":"We're seeing a sector crash in high-beta AI stocks, with  names down 30-45%+ in 1M & 10%+ today.\n\nThis includes direct beneficiaries of Mag7 Capex :\n\n- Nebius ( $NBIS ): $3B $META deal / $8B forward ARR.\n\n- TeraWulf ( $WULF ):  <$50B Antrophic DC + JV FS/ $GOOGL\n\n- Iren ( $IREN","created_at":"2025-11-13T15:33:05.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":463,"retweet_count":63,"reply_count":38,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-27T03:17:36.719Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/G5pTDBibkAAY1XY.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"1988644630175547407","text":"If you have any iota of doubt during this market correction.\n\nRemember this: \n\n$NBIS is a $24B MC company doing $8B forward ARR, targeting 30% EBITDA margins.\n\nNebius core business powers Mag7 Hyperscalers from $MSFT to $META, enterprises from Shopify to Cursor to Accenture, and","created_at":"2025-11-12T16:26:41.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":284,"retweet_count":27,"reply_count":33,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-27T03:17:36.719Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/G5kS3U1aoAEqtfE.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"1988537251530469620","text":"Northland announced a $NBIS $205 price target off the assumption of $2-4B ARR for CY2026 back in September.\n\nFrom their same economics used, we would now get an 1Y PT:\n\n~$355.00/share (+248.04%)\n\noff Nebius's earnings report with $7-9B ARR projected \n\nHere's the updated metrics:","created_at":"2025-11-12T09:20:00.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":241,"retweet_count":24,"reply_count":17,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-27T03:17:36.719Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/G5iseoGbgAAmtWV.jpg","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/G5iyLBoacAAg41N.png"],"card":null},{"id":"1988237492596994341","text":"Takeaway from $NBIS earnings so far: \n\nAbsolute. Blowout. Earnings. \n\n$3B $META deal + Cursor new Enterprise clients on top of $17B with $MSFT just 2 months ago. \n\n$7-9B ARR projection is enormous and blew away any expectation.\n\n Insanely Strong Buy $116 (including the ATM).","created_at":"2025-11-11T13:28:52.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":178,"retweet_count":11,"reply_count":25,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-27T03:17:36.719Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/G5ejTtCbcAQNkR4.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"1988227411054653710","text":"$$NBIS earnings report blew away expectations with $7-9B ARR and a $3B hyperscaler deal with Meta. \n\nThey also added to their enterprise client list with Cursor. \n\nDespite that, stock is down -1.77% currently before their earnings call.  Why?\n\nDilution~$2.7B 25M share dilution ATM","created_at":"2025-11-11T12:48:48.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":182,"retweet_count":11,"reply_count":21,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-27T03:17:36.719Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/G5eZMFHagAERD7n.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"1988221135759290725","text":"Wow, $NBIS just blew away ARR expectations on growth and just signed a surprisising $3B hyperscaler deal with $META from their ER.\n\nThey now expect $7-9B ARR 2026, which is ~2.1B+ revenue/quarter. \n\nThis is exactly how Nebius grows grow to a $100B MC and $NBIS is a generational","created_at":"2025-11-11T12:23:52.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":186,"retweet_count":16,"reply_count":13,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-27T03:17:36.719Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/G5eUZnsagAAcYqZ.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"1988048592754589970","text":"Neocloud Earnings Today + Why Michael Burry is Wrong:\n\n$WULF - ER was positive, $17B TCV from 520 MW HPC capacity. \n\n240 MW JV in Texas for DC expansion + $5B financing. \n\nNothing special like $CIFR ER with AWS, just conf (eg. deal finances) and site dev.\n\n$CRWV - ER was bearish","created_at":"2025-11-11T00:58:15.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":126,"retweet_count":11,"reply_count":19,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-27T03:17:36.719Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/G5bzgK7aYAAkZ5D.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"1987610303752970252","text":"Lot of headline-only posters out there.\n\nI usually try to connect the dots on top of the headlines and fill in the why (it moves markets).\n\nTLDR on the new macro setup (bullish for high-beta names like $NBIS, $IREN, etc):\n\n1⃣ DEAL TO END GOVERNMENT SHUTDOWN TAKES SHAPE - Axios","created_at":"2025-11-09T19:56:39.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":108,"retweet_count":5,"reply_count":9,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-27T03:17:36.719Z","media_urls":[],"card":null},{"id":"1986883096692830292","text":"Pretty disgusting correction across the board.\n\nLast 5 days for high-beta growth stocks:\n\n• $SMCI -26.11%\n• $RKLB -19.85%\n• $CRCL -19.81%\n• $NBIS -19.14%\n• $WYFI -18.55%\n• $ALAB -16.64%\n• $CRDO -16.8%\n• $HOOD -14.36%\n• $ASTS -14.09%\n• $IREN -13.22%\n• $AMD -11.63%\n•","created_at":"2025-11-07T19:46:59.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":259,"retweet_count":32,"reply_count":23,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-27T03:17:36.719Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/G5LS6gPaQAAcABF.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"1986483611202400672","text":"Ignore the noise and hold positions/add in market winners.\n\nYou have:\n\n- Insane forward revenue growth from Neoclouds like $NBIS, $IREN, $CIFR\n- Record high CapEX projections from Mag7 earnings like $META to $MSFT\n- Record high forward revenue projections + margin growth from","created_at":"2025-11-06T17:19:34.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":217,"retweet_count":15,"reply_count":20,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-27T03:17:36.719Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/G5Fn_JKboAEJMs8.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"1985989016219508993","text":"Disclosure: I have no positions and don't plan on initiating any. (Reason: have too many high-beta stocks).\n\nI just wanted to publish some speculative research I did on Anduril supply chain companies after researching $KRKNF | Kraken Robotics.\n\nThis is $OSS ($115.54M MC).\n\nTLDR:","created_at":"2025-11-05T08:34:14.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":192,"retweet_count":13,"reply_count":16,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-27T03:17:36.719Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/G4-mSbzboAAoE-m.jpg","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/G4-mU1AbkAAkRdC.png","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/G4-mU8jbIAAiZSq.jpg","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/G4-mWhsaYAACkxB.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"1985770241532838347","text":"November 4th - Stock Analysis + Macro\n\nFire Sale: $META • $NBIS • $IBIT\n\nStrong Buys: $RDDT • $RKLB • $WLAC • $CIFR • $LTC • $SOL • $CORZ\nMemory: Nanya $2408, SK Hynix $HXSCL, $MU\n\nBuy: $AMZN • $DELL • $SMCI • $ALAB • $CRDO • $TSM • $AMD • $FLNC • $TE\n\nWarnings:","created_at":"2025-11-04T18:04:54.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":325,"retweet_count":42,"reply_count":39,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-27T03:17:36.719Z","media_urls":[],"card":null},{"id":"1985334909108433014","text":"The Neocloud List got updated:\n\n$IREN - IREN secured a $9.7B GPU cloud contract with Microsoft, including 20% upfront prepayment, to deploy NVIDIA GB300s over five years.\n\n$CIFR - CIFR secured a $5.5 billion, 15-year lease agreement with Amazon Web Services (AWS).\n\nThe Neocloud","created_at":"2025-11-03T13:15:02.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":801,"retweet_count":124,"reply_count":54,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-27T03:17:36.719Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/G41StSYaMAAcXGP.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"1985175534133993567","text":"There’s only Four stocks:\n\n 🍬 MINT\n\nThat have ABSURDLY HIGH, asymmetrical return.\n\nMeaning Low Capital Risk. High Upside Return.\n\nThis is only for Nov + Dec 2025.\n\nHere it is... MINT\n\nAn explanation of why to full port MINT for end of year 2025:\n\nM = $META \nI = $IBIT\nN = $NBIS\nT","created_at":"2025-11-03T02:41:44.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":217,"retweet_count":22,"reply_count":20,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-27T03:17:36.719Z","media_urls":[],"card":null},{"id":"1984837960735285593","text":"Neocloud Ecosystem Cheat Sheet Part 1/2:\n\nBullet Point Positive vs. Negatives.\n\nFull List by Marketcap:\n\n$CRWV ($66.2B)\n$NBIS ($32.85B)\n$IREN ($16.52B)\n$APLD ($9.69B)\n$RIOT ($7.34B)\n$CIFR ($7.3B)\n$WULF ($6.36B)\n$HUT($5.39B)\n$CLSK ($5.01B)\n$HIVE ($1.74B CAD)\n$WYFI ($1.29B)","created_at":"2025-11-02T04:20:21.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":552,"retweet_count":91,"reply_count":39,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-27T03:17:36.719Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/G4uPXwsaUAAWNHE.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"1984293587295866986","text":"Markets are starting to price in:\n\nA divergence between AWS-style full-stack Neoclouds like $NBIS and miners such as $CIFR, $BITF, $CLSK, and others.\n\nThis is the reason I sold off $IREN $WULF and others, and consolidated into Nebius.\n\nWhy?\n\n💹 Margins > ⚡️Capacity.\n\nJust today:","created_at":"2025-10-31T16:17:12.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":434,"retweet_count":38,"reply_count":69,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-27T03:17:36.719Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/G4mge0UaAAA_s5c.jpg","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/G4mge5-aIAADsuf.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"1983895786590200266","text":"Added 6 figures in Jan-Feb $META calls.\n\nSame thing happened last year April and it took 2-6 days for full recovery.\n\nEarnings beat, fundamentals in tact. Same story about capex spend.\n\nMight be 2 day flush so cost averaging but this selloff is a huge opportunity.","created_at":"2025-10-30T13:56:29.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":201,"retweet_count":12,"reply_count":30,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-27T03:17:36.719Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/G4g2s5Ea8AA8NWW.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"1983791002436694520","text":"I'm researching new stocks that actually look interesting - rare lately\n\nThere's no need to paywall or gatekeep new stocks like others\n\nSo just going to share them:\n\n1. $LGN - DC buildout. Mag7 like $APPL, $MSFT, $GOOGL, $TSLA, $AMZN as clients.\n\n2. $LYC.AX - Sole","created_at":"2025-10-30T07:00:06.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":332,"retweet_count":43,"reply_count":38,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-27T03:17:36.719Z","media_urls":[],"card":null},{"id":"1983399179759300943","text":"Macro Analysis:\n\nFocus Areas: Flows · Proxies · Seasonality · Positioning\n\nSetup :\n_\n\nNeocloud: $NBIS · $IREN · $CIFR · $DGXX\nConnectivity: $ALAB · $CRDO · $CLS\n\nRobotics: $KRKNF · $ONDS · $RR\nNational Security: $RKLB · $MP · $KTOS · $CCCX\n\nEnergy: $FLNC · $EOSE · $TE · $SEI","created_at":"2025-10-29T05:03:08.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":814,"retweet_count":166,"reply_count":35,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-27T03:17:36.719Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/G4ZzB-Ob0AAvrzJ.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"1983030739332673923","text":"The harsh reality is:\n\nMany of these HPC miner pivots will fail.\n\nThe lack of asymmetrical upside is why I sold off miners like $CIFR, $IREN, $WYFI, and $WULF and into full-stack AWS Neoclouds like $NBIS\n\nHowever, miners that pivot well like $CRWV have very high upside 📈\n\nWhy?","created_at":"2025-10-28T04:39:05.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":428,"retweet_count":36,"reply_count":68,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-27T03:17:36.719Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/G4Ub-rIbQAAWKS_.jpg","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/G4UczcZasAAroF_.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"1982931539836187074","text":"The Neocloud thesis aged well. \n\n1 month later: \n\n$CRWV 120.34 → 135.64 (+12.7%)\n$NBIS 107.70 → 126.49 (+17.5%)\n$WULF 10.63 → 13.69 (+28.8%)\n$IREN 41.68 → 64.69 (+55.2%)\n$CIFR 11.47 → 20.70 (+80.4%)\n$BITF 2.54 → 4.51 (+77.6%)\n$WYFI 22.83 → 36.52 (+59.9%)\n$GRRR 19.90 →","created_at":"2025-10-27T22:04:54.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":310,"retweet_count":30,"reply_count":30,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-27T03:17:36.719Z","media_urls":[],"card":null},{"id":"1982428584431251483","text":"To settle the Neocloud debate:\n\n$NBIS  > $IREN + others. \n\nBased on the $ORCL report, NBIS whitepaper,  $CRWV acquisitions, and other factors, \n\nI decided to consolidate millions into Nebius and sell off miners like $CIFR.\n\n📏 Gross Margins > GW capacity \n\nHere's the math + why:","created_at":"2025-10-26T12:46:20.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":529,"retweet_count":62,"reply_count":79,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-27T03:17:36.719Z","media_urls":[],"card":null},{"id":"1981981029029298374","text":"Neocloud Position Update Friday Oct 24.\n\nThis post is to send a message to $IREN and other Neoclouds holders that: \n\n👑 $NBIS is superior.\n\nI sold out of other Neoclouds: $CIFR 250%+ gain, $IREN, $BITF, $WYFI, 50-100%+ gain, $WULF 5-10% loss.\n\nNow with $2M+ exposure in $NBIS","created_at":"2025-10-25T07:07:55.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":392,"retweet_count":39,"reply_count":50,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-27T03:17:36.719Z","media_urls":[],"card":null},{"id":"1981759104831115698","text":"This week retail panic sent $NBIS tumbling to $94.\n\nUnfortunately, many retail are outside this community and sold shares in fear (mixed with MM mechanical hedging) based on stock price dropping alone.\n\nIn the past two days, Nebius is back up over 17%.\n\nThis is why why Conviction","created_at":"2025-10-24T16:26:04.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":220,"retweet_count":17,"reply_count":30,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-27T03:17:36.719Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/G4CadcrWMAAglfO.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"1981351114655346809","text":"Why I think $NBIS can easily hit ~$400/share or $100B+ market cap in 1 year:\n\nRight now, Nebius trades at a $24B valuation (316%+ increase to $100B).\n\nIf we pretend that there's 0 growth in 2026-2027:\n\nCore Business: $31B–$36.5B\nSum of Parts: $7.1B (40% slashed)\nMidpoint","created_at":"2025-10-23T13:24:52.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":399,"retweet_count":49,"reply_count":26,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-27T03:17:36.719Z","media_urls":[],"card":null},{"id":"1981201004931739734","text":"Breaking: U.S. Government moves to take stakes in quantum computing firms, a huge game-changer.\n\nNational security names - AI ( $NBIS ), Energy ( $TE ), Space ( $RKLB ), Minerals ( $MP ), Quantum ( $RGTI, $IONQ, $QBTS) - could see a violent reversal as shorts scramble to cover","created_at":"2025-10-23T03:28:23.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":234,"retweet_count":28,"reply_count":14,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-27T03:17:36.719Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/G36jOSyXEAAUee-.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"1981009544546591207","text":"Added $200k worth of $NBIS leaps at $98.8, December $105 2026 strike.\n\nNebius dropping 30%+ in a week from $140 to $97 might make you second-guess yourself, but it’s times like these where conviction matters most.\n\nIf you understand the fundamentals and sector, this is a gift.","created_at":"2025-10-22T14:47:35.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":421,"retweet_count":30,"reply_count":57,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-27T03:17:36.719Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/G330da3XUAA7w70.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"1980786077003833508","text":"Nebius is playing out exactly how institutions wanted:\n\nRetail panic.\n\nCapitulation.\n\nLiquidity.\n\nI’ve been saying this for weeks: $NBIS Institutional ownership is ~38%. Every trick in the book will be used to get that number to 65-80% like $HOOD:\n\nHere's what and why this is","created_at":"2025-10-21T23:59:36.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":615,"retweet_count":53,"reply_count":42,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-27T03:17:36.719Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/G30jTFyXEAA-FZv.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"1980413318973333927","text":"The -17% dip in $NBIS on no material news doesn't change any conviction. My bull-case PT is still $400. \n\nWe've seen this move before:\n\n- $ASTS ER drop from $58 -> $36, into $83.\n\n- $GOOGL AI search drop from $170 -> $144 into $257.\n\n- $HOOD Macro drop from $40 -> $28, into $135","created_at":"2025-10-20T23:18:24.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":440,"retweet_count":36,"reply_count":26,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-27T03:17:36.719Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/G3vRNpMW0AA_bMa.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"1980287888077312390","text":"Initiated a small position ($50k shares, $50k April calls) in T1 Energy $TE $4.45, partly because I like League of Legends and Faker.\n\nI have energy positions such as $FLNC, SEI and $EOSE (trimmed) that performed very well. \n\nBut like the rest, energy is pointed to benefit from","created_at":"2025-10-20T14:59:59.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":96,"retweet_count":6,"reply_count":13,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-27T03:17:36.719Z","media_urls":[],"card":null},{"id":"1979976235825635419","text":"October 20th, Important Rate Cut Trading Week.\n\nPersonal thoughts and explanations: \n\n🛝 = Swing Trade\n\n🐈 = Catalyst Trade\n\n🎇 = 2026 Trade, Tax Harvested\n\nFire Sale\n🔥 $NBIS \n\nStrong Buy\n$TSM\n$AMKR\n$WLAC\n$AMZN\n$LTC 🐈\n$RDDT\n$HIMS 🛝\n$IBIT\n$ALAB\n$CRDO\n$SMCI\n$FLY 🎇\n$SNAP 🎇","created_at":"2025-10-19T18:21:35.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":213,"retweet_count":18,"reply_count":26,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-27T03:17:36.719Z","media_urls":[],"card":null},{"id":"1979685872800010548","text":"Weekend Reflections ☁️\n\nI just wanted to post every position I'm down on this year + lessons learned.\n___\n\n1. $ETOR - ($62 → $38.6, DCA $48, -19.58%)\n\n2. $VIRT - (~$38 → $33, -45%)\n\n3. $SNAP - ($8.2 → $7.69, -6.2%) (new)\n\n4. $SG - ($8.2 → $7.32, -10.73%)\n\n5. $GRRR - ($20.5 →","created_at":"2025-10-18T23:07:47.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":76,"retweet_count":3,"reply_count":21,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-27T03:17:36.719Z","media_urls":[],"card":null},{"id":"1979346235606863918","text":"Full Transparency:\n\nI've joined X Monetization - here are my stats this month:\n\n• 5.3M Impressions 📈\n• 17K Likes (+734%) 👍\n• 8.9k Bookmarks (+5,000%+) 🔖\n• 1.3k Shares (4,000%+) 🐦\n\nAs a trader, I make money in the markets (eg. $NBIS), never from followers or subs.\n\nI trade","created_at":"2025-10-18T00:38:11.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":249,"retweet_count":9,"reply_count":33,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-27T03:17:36.719Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/G3gM5mBWEAAzK4w.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"1979201376115921139","text":"Fire sale $NBIS\n\nPersonally added $300K in call leaps at this level, 10% drop is a huge buying opportunity imo.","created_at":"2025-10-17T15:02:34.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":272,"retweet_count":20,"reply_count":26,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-27T03:17:36.719Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/G3eJKKUWkAAS7a7.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"1979087229038530782","text":"We are 12 days away from a rate cut (94.1% odds). MMs enjoy times like these to cleanse the option chain. \n\nIn terms of levels I’m personally looking out for larger sized leveraged trades:\n\n$NBIS - $105-$110\n$TSM - $170-$175\n$BTC - ~<$100K\n$RKlB - $35-$40\n$ALAB - $100-$120\n_","created_at":"2025-10-17T07:28:59.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":247,"retweet_count":26,"reply_count":17,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-27T03:17:36.719Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/G3chV3UWIAEIBb6.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"1978955578652398061","text":"Macro + Dip thoughts Oct 16th:\n\nThere's a ton going on, eg. $GLD hitting ATHs, but that's a whole different rabbit-hole on the USD. \n\nMain stock drop today was due to a shock from regional banks, so I'll focus on that. \n\nIt's a great buying opportunity on:\n\nNeoclouds with","created_at":"2025-10-16T22:45:51.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":162,"retweet_count":12,"reply_count":16,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-27T03:17:36.719Z","media_urls":[],"card":null},{"id":"1978511244710617534","text":"No news dips are always a nice gift $NBIS.\n\n(Added calls at~$122.9)","created_at":"2025-10-15T17:20:14.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":188,"retweet_count":4,"reply_count":19,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-27T03:17:36.719Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/G3UVfZ-bAAIqtW4.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"1978365814941384882","text":"The Great Soybean/Seed Oil Crash, personal thoughts and explanations:\n\nStrong Buy\n$ALAB\n$CRDO\n$NBIS\n$WLAC\n$LTC\n$TSM\n$BTC\n(+ same as tax harvest stocks last time)\n$AMZN\n$SMCI\n_\n\nBuy\n$AMD\n$FLNC\n$SEI\n$BZAI\n$NKLR\n$IREN\n$WULF\n$CIFR\n$CRWV\n$BITF\n$WYFI\n$SLNH\n$BITF\n$RBRK\n$GLXY\n$GRAB\n$SEA","created_at":"2025-10-15T07:42:21.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":374,"retweet_count":69,"reply_count":26,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-27T03:17:36.719Z","media_urls":[],"card":null},{"id":"1978247373089358249","text":"AI is the largest national security issue and race in history.\n\nAI can design nuclear weapons or create life changing discoveries based on compute.\n\n$NBIS is the new infra of AI and Mag7 with 1400% Y/Y forward revenue. \n\n🥭And it sold off 5.4% because of Seed Oils and Soybeans.","created_at":"2025-10-14T23:51:42.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":165,"retweet_count":9,"reply_count":9,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-27T03:17:36.719Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/G3QkicsaQAAlbGs.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"1978183356777922651","text":"🧙‍♂️ Summoning Exodia, the ideal Neocloud Deck\n\nExodia Deck:\n🧩 $NBIS – Head\n🧩 $WLAC – Left Arm\n🧩 $IREN – Right Arm\n🧩 $CIFR – Left Leg\n🧩 $WULF – Right Leg\n\nPot of Greed Setup:\n🏭 $TSM\n⚡ $FLNC\n🏡 $GLXY\n\nWhen all five are in your port, Sydney Sweeney descends from the Neocloud","created_at":"2025-10-14T19:37:19.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":183,"retweet_count":15,"reply_count":24,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-27T03:17:36.719Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/G3PqQO4aAAARsDe.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"1977812041969926614","text":"With Taylor Swift entering the Neocloud space, not even 10GW compute on GPT-5 can find her a lasting boyfriend. \n\nRaising my 1Y price target on $NBIS to $450 and reiterating outperform on the rest due to infinite energy consumption. \n\n$WLAC $CIFR $FLNC $IREN $TSM $AMD $BITF $WYFI","created_at":"2025-10-13T19:01:51.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":78,"retweet_count":7,"reply_count":13,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-27T03:17:36.719Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/G3KXRV9bcAAbO_U.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"1977495210063286491","text":"This is the first time I'm posting my high conviction list.  \n\nThese are my 6 highest conviction longs and 1 new 1000% moonshot🚀\n\nSorted by first bought and ~when/why I developed conviction.  \n\n5 Years: \n\n$RKLB ($16 | $28) \n\n$TSM ($120 | $245) \n\n$HOOD ($11.27 | $18) \n\n$BTC ($3k","created_at":"2025-10-12T22:02:52.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":261,"retweet_count":24,"reply_count":25,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-27T03:17:36.719Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/G3F5B5XbgAArHrP.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"1977428188000309673","text":"And there’s the de-escalation\n\nReuters: “Taiwan sees no significant impact on chip sector”\n\nTrump: “Don’t worry about China, it will all be fine… President Xi just had a bad moment.”\n\nBiggest crypto liquidation to date \n\nStocks with little impact down 7%\n\nDip buying opportunity","created_at":"2025-10-12T17:36:33.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":84,"retweet_count":4,"reply_count":11,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-27T03:17:36.719Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/G3E8dS8a4AA0H-P.jpg","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/G3E8dTBawAAXFPs.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"1977079938835718513","text":"Based Friday Market Close (-3.6% SPY day), Thoughts and Explanations\n\nStrong Buy\n$IBIT\n$LTC\n$WLAC\n$NBIS\n$MP\n$TSM\n(For Next Year)\n$ETOR\n$DKNG\n$SNAP\n\nBuy\n$UPWK\n$CRDO\n$ALAB\n$AMZN\n$META\n$UNH\n$SG\n$TGT\n$BULL\n$FLY\n$CIFR\n$WULF\n$IREN\n$GLXY\n$SMCI\n$DELL\n$MRVL\n\nHold\n$RKLB\n$HOOD\n$RBRK\n$MU","created_at":"2025-10-11T18:32:44.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":755,"retweet_count":128,"reply_count":66,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-27T03:17:36.719Z","media_urls":[],"card":null},{"id":"1976771236215808119","text":"Getting Vietnam flashbacks. \n\nJokes aside, markets dropped 3.65%+ after Trump tarrifs Chinese imports by 100% and restricts the export of critical software to China.\n\nThis surprise event was rational repricing but also catalyzed by fear + margin calls (after hours, with $IREN","created_at":"2025-10-10T22:06:04.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":102,"retweet_count":5,"reply_count":17,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-27T03:17:36.719Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/G27kB-ia4AASKqm.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"1976662977106596031","text":"People have been asking for my $FLY thesis since my Reddit post, so here it is:\n\nFirefly is a rocket company like $RKLB, and is developing a reusable medium-lift rocket.\n\nThe only one that exists is SpaceX.\n\nThey target 2026-2027, and if they succeed, the company would re-rate to","created_at":"2025-10-10T14:55:53.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":177,"retweet_count":23,"reply_count":17,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-27T03:17:36.719Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/G26Ef6LbcAApQqP.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"1976484532326105414","text":"I added $WWR ($170m MC) and $DFLI ($110.25M MC) today. \n\nFor full transparency, I have no clue about their fundamentals \n\nReason I bought?\n\nToday: \"China expands rare earths restrictions, targets chip users\"\n\nWWR does Graphite for batteries.\nDFLI does Lithium for batteries.","created_at":"2025-10-10T03:06:48.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":68,"retweet_count":4,"reply_count":17,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-27T03:17:36.719Z","media_urls":[],"card":null},{"id":"1976370622633755115","text":"$$NBIS is the next Microsoft in the making.\n\n- Scaling from $100M quarterly revenue to $2B-3B+ in 1-2 years off 55-75% gross margin\n\n- Large ownership of next generational companies like Clickhouse (powers Anthropic)\n\n- Infrastructure of Mag7 AI Compute. \n\nCompletely undervalued.","created_at":"2025-10-09T19:34:10.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":555,"retweet_count":38,"reply_count":43,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-27T03:17:36.719Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/G216m3ybAAAx3yG.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"1976057641999925300","text":"Okay last post of the night I promise:\n\n$FLY ECLIPSE REUSABLE MEDIUM-LIFT ROCKET LAUNCHES AIMING 2026.\n\n $4.5B MARKET CAP. MEGA MOAT, backstopped by government + critical for national security. \n\nI DON'T NEED TO SAY MORE. \n\nLove,\nEarly $RKLB investor and Rocketlab Megabull.","created_at":"2025-10-08T22:50:29.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":83,"retweet_count":7,"reply_count":9,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-27T03:17:36.719Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/G2xc8iMaAAUQiPr.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"1976033094932234314","text":"Wow I cooked insanely hard with this ETF, everything is up a **** ton.\n\nAnyway, some company changes I'd make + explanations:\n\n$AMD - +10% (rerate)\n$FLY - +3% (new)\n$WLAC - +1% (new)\n$MU - +1% (new)\n$FLNC - .5% (new)\n$SEI - .5% (new)\n$DFLI - - .25% (new)\n\n_\n\nTrim (Tax harvesting)","created_at":"2025-10-08T21:12:57.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":68,"retweet_count":4,"reply_count":13,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-27T03:17:36.719Z","media_urls":[],"card":null},{"id":"1976001305866080372","text":"IMO opportunity front running the Boost SPAC Neocloud IPO through $WLAC (OKLO, DJT, etc) if u hv 3 months patience.\n\nBoost works with Fluidstack, likely backstopped by $GOOGL in the future.\n\n75%+ EBITDA gross margin + 250% rev from last year.\n\nEST MC ~$600m, maybe next $CIFR.","created_at":"2025-10-08T19:06:38.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":75,"retweet_count":3,"reply_count":11,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-27T03:17:36.719Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/G2wqtymaAAIN-lh.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"1975823367258394863","text":"Got DMs about tax structuring for high net worth users due to large market returns from $IREN or $AMD.  \n\nThis is not advice, just things I've overheard to save you a LOT of money (like millions over time). \n\nThese are 7 LEGAL ways to go about it:  \n\n1. C-Corp trading (21%","created_at":"2025-10-08T07:19:34.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":79,"retweet_count":3,"reply_count":6,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-27T03:17:36.719Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/G2uIwGoa4AAbVOm.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"1975612208286736451","text":"Why $ORCL facing challenges with GPU-as-a-Service (from leaks) is actually bullish for neoclouds like Nebius.\n\nHyperscalers struggling with GPU economics strengthens the case for specalized neoclouds.\n\nThis is an insane opportunity on $NBIS, $WYFI, $IREN, $CIFR, $CRWV and others:","created_at":"2025-10-07T17:20:30.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":115,"retweet_count":10,"reply_count":10,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-27T03:17:36.719Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/G2rI1K8bUAAwzMT.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"1975334113726079397","text":"I have no words… +$37K on $SPRB in 2 hours ($21K realized). Ended up taking profit on most. \n\nIt’s not much to me but I just find this amusing given the short timeframe and had nobody to share it with. \n\nI’ll hold $30k worth to see where it goes.","created_at":"2025-10-06T22:55:27.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":79,"retweet_count":1,"reply_count":18,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-27T03:17:36.719Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/G2nL6ETbYAAVmbV.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"1975327662903337144","text":"Monday October 6th Market Close Thoughts:\n\n- $NBIS extremely good dip buy. Down 2.38% after rising 5.78% in the morning. All other Neoclouds from $IREN to $CIFR held their 4%-14%+ gains. Nebius likely influenced by option flow, should play catchup soon and I stand by $225 PT. \n\n-","created_at":"2025-10-06T22:29:49.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":154,"retweet_count":6,"reply_count":25,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-27T03:17:36.719Z","media_urls":[],"card":null},{"id":"1975294794370064468","text":"I was looking at $SPRB after @MartinShkreli posted about it and it’s TA-ERT, breakthrough enzyme therapy replacement.\n\nJust from a quick search if SPRB’s TA-ERT is approved and they capture 10-15% market share longer term ($180–$270M ARR) of $1.4B US market... Realistic fair","created_at":"2025-10-06T20:19:12.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":186,"retweet_count":5,"reply_count":18,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-27T03:17:36.719Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/G2moJUeaUAAfGpv.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"1975205333254447126","text":"The Snapchat Thesis: How a 🐶💩 Stock Re-Rated from Sell to Buy.\n\n$SNAP flipped the switch, making their biggest expense a revenue stream. \n\nThere's two things that SNAP needed to do to grow vs. $META, $RDDT.\n\nand... Snapchat finally did it, well one of two.\n\nThat is:\n\n1.","created_at":"2025-10-06T14:23:43.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":130,"retweet_count":11,"reply_count":12,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-27T03:17:36.719Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/G2lWx64bIAAV3qj.jpg","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/G2lWx6zbgAA26s2.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"1975155632811507945","text":"$$AMD is about to get a huge re-rating from forward earnings + narrative changes from the $10Bs+ deal with OpenAI\n\nForward revenue: They're currently doing 7.69B/Q, if we assume 10B/Y, it's quite material how much this adds.\n\n  (32.5% - 65%+ increase in forward revenue based on","created_at":"2025-10-06T11:06:14.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":155,"retweet_count":17,"reply_count":13,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-27T03:17:36.719Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/G2kpe3_bIAAG1Dd.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"1975027478373748808","text":"Lesson on Covered Calls for passive compound return:\n\nPut selling was for advanced swing traders, but this is for everyone. PLEASE LEARN THIS:\n\nIf your port  $300k -> $1M+:\n\n☁️It's an extra IPhone 17 Air+ /week.\n\nIf your port < $300k:\n\nIt's a few hundred a week.\n\nEx. $NBIS ($180","created_at":"2025-10-06T02:36:59.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":222,"retweet_count":15,"reply_count":17,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-27T03:17:36.719Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/G2i0sK5acAA0kO_.jpg","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/G2i0tN_awAEaD0S.jpg","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/G2i0urFbEAAtK7f.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"1974734053070053566","text":"People are panicking about markets from $OKLO, $RGTI, etc. hitting all time highs and bubbles.  \n\nHalf joking but if you you want to time the top:\n\nCathie Wood's ARKK is actually a good indicator. (~Feb 2026)\n\nIt's a great canary in the coal mine when everything goes 🔼","created_at":"2025-10-05T07:11:01.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":184,"retweet_count":13,"reply_count":14,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-27T03:17:36.719Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/G2eptYkbMAA_5oA.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"1974576290125795760","text":"Saturday Rant because the most popular X accounts are  actively harming retail for engagement and subscriptions. \n\nThe people who sell $10 courses on X just pick anything like $RGTI that went up 4000% off 0 revenue for engagement. \n\nThen add $JOBY, $OPEN, IONQ, etc. retroactively","created_at":"2025-10-04T20:44:08.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":142,"retweet_count":7,"reply_count":20,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-27T03:17:36.719Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/G2cY67nbEAATi4q.jpg","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/G2cYElna0AA2PIu.png"],"card":null},{"id":"1974283913905517009","text":"Friday Market Close, Personal Thoughts and Explanations:\n\nStrong Buy\n$RDDT\n$SNAP\n$AMZN\n$ETOR\n$NBIS\n$LTC\n\nBuy\n$UPWK\n$MSTR\n$ORCL\n$TGT\n$CIFR\n$VIRT\n$CRDO\n$WULF\n$SOFI\n$META\n$AVGO\n$MRVL\n$SMCI\n$DELL\n\nHold\n$RKLB\n$TSM\n$IREN\n$RR\n$ALAB\n$HOOD\n$FLNC\n$EOSE\n$BE\n$RIOT\n$MARA\n$GRAB\n$ASTS\n$NVO","created_at":"2025-10-04T01:22:20.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":652,"retweet_count":88,"reply_count":44,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-27T03:17:36.719Z","media_urls":[],"card":null},{"id":"1974167533226955118","text":"I wrote a Option Sell Swing Trade strategy that would realized $20k profit in 5 days with $1M last week for 183%+ Y/Y. \n\nI always give exact positions ahead of time, not retroactively.   \n\n$NBIS +$5.52K \n\n$HIMS +$1.427k \n\n$CIFR +$5.239K \n\n$RKLB +3.8K \n\n$TGT +$1.3k \n\n$AMZN +$1.22K","created_at":"2025-10-03T17:39:52.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":86,"retweet_count":2,"reply_count":7,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-27T03:17:36.719Z","media_urls":[],"card":null},{"id":"1973922891050914235","text":"If there's one thing I learned trading:\n\nMoney won't make you happy. \n\nHappiness comes from fulfillment; like investing toward a dream home for a loved one\n\nI've reached the end goal I started with but lost the meaning along the way\n\nNumbers go up on my screen but it feels empty","created_at":"2025-10-03T01:27:45.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":196,"retweet_count":3,"reply_count":51,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-27T03:17:36.719Z","media_urls":[],"card":null},{"id":"1973799361332326443","text":"I first bought $HOOD at $11.47 and watched it grow 1000%+ to a 125B+ MC. Scaling from $150M to 1B quarterly revenue over years. \n\nI thought this was insane until I saw $NBIS. \n\nThis 30B company is about to go from $100m quarterly revenue to $1.5-2B quarterly revenue the next year","created_at":"2025-10-02T17:16:53.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":612,"retweet_count":36,"reply_count":37,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-27T03:17:36.719Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/G2RYDtqbMAI9XJq.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"1973693781888417816","text":"As expected, with META and their recent 14B deal with CRWV + MSFT with their 17B deal with $NBIS, billions to trillions will pour into Neoclouds from Mag7 when they're unable to handle new AI compute.\n\nExpects companies like AWS, ORCL and others to make more deals soon with","created_at":"2025-10-02T10:17:21.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":190,"retweet_count":10,"reply_count":18,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-27T03:17:36.719Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/G2P2gQ2b0AA8kYQ.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"1973533335147389092","text":"How I do swing trading with charts, Part 2:  Short term (few week) + Short-Medium Term (few month). \n\nI'll do long term ones in another post.   \n\nEx 1: $RKLB. Just going off feels on this, seems like a great buy at $40 support, and $54 sell. Usually lower half (dotted line) like","created_at":"2025-10-01T23:39:48.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":81,"retweet_count":3,"reply_count":10,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-27T03:17:36.719Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/G2NmBqCbEAEZb0G.jpg","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/G2NmCjIbQAAW0tw.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"1973458076994007226","text":"I make fun of charting but sometimes it's genuinely helpful for pattern based reasoning (not TA). \n\nHistory doesn't repeat itself but it often rhymes for companies in similar sectors.   \n\nWith things material to fundamentals: \n \nEg. $NBIS (64->100->86) vs. $CIFR (+32% into -18%","created_at":"2025-10-01T18:40:45.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":95,"retweet_count":6,"reply_count":11,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-27T03:17:36.719Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/G2MgffHbgAAKNjA.jpg","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/G2MgfyQaIAMQXxD.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"1973188544186425368","text":"Personal thoughts for trading this October (macro + tailwinds):\n\n1. Government shutdown is 97% likely, already priced in Polymarket.\n\nAgain, this was already known way ahead of time. Which is why stuff like $VIRT or $VIX that I posted is a asymmetrical hedge during times of","created_at":"2025-10-01T00:49:43.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":74,"retweet_count":4,"reply_count":9,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-27T03:17:36.719Z","media_urls":[],"card":null},{"id":"1973102864701726752","text":"Lot of inspirational trader mindsets going around X lately like:\n \n\"It will pay off. Be Patient\". All BS. \n\nTraders consider sector momentum, catalysts, valuation, pullbacks, macro, IV, option flows, etc. \n\nHere's my mindset for short term trading for various stocks: \n\n1. $NBIS -","created_at":"2025-09-30T19:09:16.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":92,"retweet_count":6,"reply_count":12,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-27T03:17:36.719Z","media_urls":[],"card":null},{"id":"1972919111987671265","text":"Crowdsourcing the X community’s highest-conviction stocks — names like $NBIS or $RR below.\n\nOnly 200%+ potential plays over the next 6 months.\n\n📈 What's your single #1 highest conviction pick and thesis?\n\nWould be helpful to build a community watchlist for hyperscaling winners.","created_at":"2025-09-30T06:59:06.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":73,"retweet_count":4,"reply_count":14,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-27T03:17:36.719Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/G2E3FTAakAAyMMw.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"1972769926302855553","text":"Monday Market Close Thoughts:\n\nExtremely Strong Buy\n$NBIS\n$ETOR\n$LTC\n$VIRT\n\nBuy\n$AMZN\n$SMCI\n$TGT\n$CRM\n$TSM\n$CRDO\n$SG\n$CIFR\n$LULU\n$SLNH\n$ORCL\n$MSTR\n$RIOT\n$MARA\n\nHold\n$IREN\n$HIMS\n$RKLB\n$PYPL\n$MRVL\n$IBIT\n$UPWK\n$GRAB\n$ALAB\n$ASTS\n$SOFI\n$NVDA\n$NVO\n\nSell\n$HOOD\n$TSLA\n$RDDT\n$CRCL\n$PLTR","created_at":"2025-09-29T21:06:17.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":762,"retweet_count":103,"reply_count":54,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-27T03:17:36.719Z","media_urls":[],"card":null},{"id":"1972677721290682505","text":"As you know, I do value investing too like with Upwork  (+52% in 2 months, P/E 7-> 11.5).\n\nAn interesting stock is $VIRT as an asymmetrical volatility hedge, a stock barely anyone talks about. Clean asymmetry to balance $IREN / $NBIS.\n\n6.6 forward p/e, 5.38b MC, Virtu ~ Citadel,","created_at":"2025-09-29T14:59:53.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":76,"retweet_count":3,"reply_count":18,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-27T03:17:36.719Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/G2BXr-eaAAAZ7hy.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"1972367879858470974","text":"Aggressively writing options off $1m would be: \n\n+$20.24K in 5 days, 2.024% a week, 183.48% y/y return. \n\nWith a $1M cash, IBKR portfolio margin example:\n\n85 $NBIS $96 PUT, (+$5.52K premium) ($809K)\n55 $HIMS $49.5 PUT (+$1.427k) ($270k)\n250 $CIFR $10 Put (+$5.239K) - ($253k) \n80","created_at":"2025-09-28T18:28:42.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":193,"retweet_count":19,"reply_count":24,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-27T03:17:36.719Z","media_urls":[],"card":null},{"id":"1972016308662513748","text":"The NeoCloud Thesis: Hyperscaler Capex Funnel\n\nWhy I'm putting $1.5M+ into Neoclouds, and why this might be a 200-300%+ return.\n\n🔹 Buckets\n\nMag7 contracts: $CRWV, $NBIS ✅, $WULF, $CIFR ✅\n\nWith compute: $IREN ✅, $BITF\n\nSpeculative: $WYFI, $GRRR ✅, $SLNH\n\nMiners pivoting to","created_at":"2025-09-27T19:11:40.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":880,"retweet_count":124,"reply_count":63,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-27T03:17:36.719Z","media_urls":[],"card":null},{"id":"1971677620623540346","text":"So just to add to the discussion on learning option selling:  \n\n1. BROKERAGE IS EXTREMELY IMPORTANT, NEVER USE $HOOD IF YOU HAVE A LARGE PORT. They claim it's free but it's probably one of the worst for option trading since they route your order to MMs and that's how they make","created_at":"2025-09-26T20:45:51.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":198,"retweet_count":16,"reply_count":17,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-27T03:17:36.719Z","media_urls":[],"card":null},{"id":"1971599988204634554","text":"Eh I normally don't do calls but risk/reward looks good to me on miners\n\nAdded $CIFR $30k worth of Jan calls $11 strike on the 5% drop to $11.\n\nAdded $NBIS $100k worth of calls, this was just one of the strikes on the 4.6% drop to $103.\n\nAdded $IREN shares $40.13 on the 13% drop.","created_at":"2025-09-26T15:37:22.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":76,"retweet_count":4,"reply_count":14,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-27T03:17:36.719Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/G1yHvY-bkAENA7l.jpg","https://pbs.twimg.com/media/G1yHvY-bQAEKL0n.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"1971320000851083607","text":"So daily thoughts on Sept 25th + market drop if you like my insights: \n\n1. 3x rate cut went from 65% to 56% from data today. This is a lot more material, since people are front-running rate cuts now. \n\nEither way, any rate cut usually lead to large inflows so it's generally","created_at":"2025-09-25T21:04:48.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":71,"retweet_count":1,"reply_count":16,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-27T03:17:36.719Z","media_urls":[],"card":null},{"id":"1971270859898880420","text":"I'm actually losing my mind seeing this on X. \n\nReal traders will always make money off the markets. Not off their followers. \n\nThe best advice you will ever get is free DD on X, or posts coming from randoms dropping $NBIS / $IREN. \n\nNot 🤡 Wave 69 XYZ $BMNR charting for $20.","created_at":"2025-09-25T17:49:32.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":73,"retweet_count":1,"reply_count":10,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-27T03:17:36.719Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/G1tbRfdaAAIoYNT.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"1970995733659779574","text":"I've been getting a lot of stock weighting questions. A portfolio I'd build would be: \n\n30% $NBIS\n6% AMZN\n5.5% TSM\n5% BTC\n5% LULU\n4% UNH\n4% $RKLB\n4% LTC\n3% ORCL\n3% TGT\n3% GRAB\n2% $IREN\n2% META\n2% HOOD\n2% HIMS\n2% AMD\n2% NVO\n1.5% CRDO\n1% BITF\n1% ASTS\n1% SG\n1% UPWK\n1% MP\n1% FOUR\n1%","created_at":"2025-09-24T23:36:16.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":256,"retweet_count":31,"reply_count":32,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-27T03:17:36.719Z","media_urls":[],"card":null},{"id":"1970933043855872074","text":"It's funny how the most followed stock accounts on X like @mikealfred hide replies about inconvenient facts and block accounts. That’s exactly why I created this account — to call out BS and genuinely help you all. \n\nThis is what they tried hiding: $BKKT has a long track record","created_at":"2025-09-24T19:27:10.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":101,"retweet_count":4,"reply_count":19,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-27T03:17:36.719Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/G1omnMeb0AARhit.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"1970908938796400881","text":"People often ask what happens when I get everything right:\n\n1 Year Return: 630.44% 📈\n\nJust genuinely want to help! \n\nI share my analysis and positions openly from $NBIS to $HOOD to $UPWK before any rally. \n\nFeel free to look through my history on X or Reddit.","created_at":"2025-09-24T17:51:23.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":191,"retweet_count":7,"reply_count":25,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-27T03:17:36.719Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/G1oSZKkb0AAMQLO.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"1970880728994107816","text":"$$750K+ in $NBIS, with ~$93K+ in unrealized gains in just 5 days. \n\nThis stock is extremely undervalued. Northland just gave a $206 PT, but I’ve been calling this since it was under $100.\n\nI rarely have high-conviction stocks. But NBIS is one of them. \n\n$112 -> $200 in 4 months.","created_at":"2025-09-24T15:59:17.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":102,"retweet_count":2,"reply_count":15,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-27T03:17:36.719Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/G1n5hHfbsAAJZ5w.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"1970496881349546218","text":"$$NBIS is a once-a-decade stock that can make generational wealth.\n\nIncredible forward revenue and fundamentals, mispriced at 26B market cap.\n\nScreaming buy under $130. \n\n$200 PT, 5 months.","created_at":"2025-09-23T14:34:01.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":340,"retweet_count":21,"reply_count":16,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-27T03:17:36.719Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/G1iceEiaAAAfnDJ.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"1970165804311388542","text":"I rarely repeat-post a stock… but $NBIS is special.\n\nEven up 5.75% today, at <$30B market cap, it’s a screaming buy on every dip.\n\nThis is a once-in-a-decade company with fundamentals and forward revenue far outpacing marketcap. \n\nEasy high conviction hold to $175+","created_at":"2025-09-22T16:38:26.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":184,"retweet_count":11,"reply_count":16,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-27T03:17:36.719Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/G1dtufNacAAbFMs.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"1969151544320016527","text":"Thoughts on why I’m scaling my $NBIS position to $1M+ with a $225 PT:\n\nThesis\n______\nWhen MSFT, GOOGL, and Mag7 are your customers like ALAB or CRED (when I took large positions in both sub $100) or before $NVDA or AVGO or TSM took off, a company's forward growth would likely","created_at":"2025-09-19T21:28:07.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":210,"retweet_count":18,"reply_count":18,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-27T03:17:36.719Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/G1PUZygbQAIoOTe.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"1969115361736896720","text":"Bought $500K worth of $NBIS.\n\nMy highest conviction stock out of anything for a 1 year time period.\n\n$225 PT","created_at":"2025-09-19T19:04:21.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":438,"retweet_count":18,"reply_count":30,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-27T03:17:36.719Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/G1Oz--UaEAA4Mgi.jpg"],"card":null},{"id":"1966512870251749588","text":"I don’t know how to reiterate this enough for $HIMS\n\n42% short interest on a 11B, profitable, and fast growing company… has the potential to make history on a short squeeze like $OPEN or $GME.\n\nThe risk reward is worth it.","created_at":"2025-09-12T14:42:58.000Z","author":"aleabitoreddit","platform":"x","like_count":193,"retweet_count":15,"reply_count":5,"impression_count":0,"fetched_at":"2026-05-27T03:17:36.719Z","media_urls":["https://pbs.twimg.com/media/G0p1B8Ma8AAdZN3.jpg"],"card":null}],"stats":{"total_tweets":672,"analyzed_tweets":274,"bullish_count":76,"bearish_count":9,"neutral_count":179,"mixed_count":10,"trade_calls":30,"top_tickers":[{"ticker":"SIVE","count":124,"asset_type":"unknown"},{"ticker":"NBIS","count":78,"asset_type":"unknown"},{"ticker":"NVDA","count":70,"asset_type":"unknown"},{"ticker":"AAOI","count":40,"asset_type":"unknown"},{"ticker":"IREN","count":38,"asset_type":"unknown"},{"ticker":"XFAB","count":37,"asset_type":"unknown"},{"ticker":"LITE","count":35,"asset_type":"unknown"},{"ticker":"CIFR","count":30,"asset_type":"unknown"},{"ticker":"MRVL","count":28,"asset_type":"unknown"},{"ticker":"TSM","count":23,"asset_type":"unknown"}],"top_domains":[{"domain":"AI / ML","count":11},{"domain":"Semiconductors","count":10},{"domain":"CPO / Optical Networking","count":8},{"domain":"Consumer Tech","count":5},{"domain":"Energy","count":3},{"domain":"Industrials","count":3},{"domain":"Biotech / Healthcare","count":2},{"domain":"Cloud Computing","count":2},{"domain":"Retail / E-Commerce","count":2},{"domain":"Electric Vehicles","count":1}],"avg_sentiment_score":0.18905109489051095,"win_rate":0.5},"timeline":[{"date":"2026-05-26","avg_score":0.95,"tweet_count":1,"bullish":1,"bearish":0,"neutral":0},{"date":"2026-05-27","avg_score":0.8099999999999999,"tweet_count":4,"bullish":4,"bearish":0,"neutral":0},{"date":"2026-05-28","avg_score":0.8425,"tweet_count":4,"bullish":4,"bearish":0,"neutral":0},{"date":"2026-05-29","avg_score":0.885,"tweet_count":2,"bullish":2,"bearish":0,"neutral":0},{"date":"2026-05-30","avg_score":0.4,"tweet_count":1,"bullish":0,"bearish":0,"neutral":0},{"date":"2026-05-31","avg_score":0.82,"tweet_count":1,"bullish":1,"bearish":0,"neutral":0},{"date":"2026-06-01","avg_score":0.75,"tweet_count":1,"bullish":1,"bearish":0,"neutral":0},{"date":"2026-06-02","avg_score":0.1375,"tweet_count":8,"bullish":1,"bearish":0,"neutral":6},{"date":"2026-06-03","avg_score":0.125,"tweet_count":38,"bullish":7,"bearish":2,"neutral":28},{"date":"2026-06-04","avg_score":0.10806451612903226,"tweet_count":31,"bullish":6,"bearish":2,"neutral":23},{"date":"2026-06-05","avg_score":0.19677419354838707,"tweet_count":31,"bullish":10,"bearish":1,"neutral":20},{"date":"2026-06-06","avg_score":0.10555555555555557,"tweet_count":18,"bullish":3,"bearish":0,"neutral":15},{"date":"2026-06-07","avg_score":0.45,"tweet_count":7,"bullish":4,"bearish":0,"neutral":2},{"date":"2026-06-08","avg_score":0.1486111111111111,"tweet_count":36,"bullish":7,"bearish":0,"neutral":29},{"date":"2026-06-09","avg_score":0.2176470588235294,"tweet_count":17,"bullish":7,"bearish":1,"neutral":7},{"date":"2026-06-10","avg_score":0.1108695652173913,"tweet_count":46,"bullish":8,"bearish":2,"neutral":34},{"date":"2026-06-11","avg_score":0.22307692307692306,"tweet_count":13,"bullish":6,"bearish":1,"neutral":5},{"date":"2026-06-12","avg_score":0.08571428571428572,"tweet_count":7,"bullish":1,"bearish":0,"neutral":6},{"date":"2026-06-13","avg_score":0.3125,"tweet_count":8,"bullish":3,"bearish":0,"neutral":4}],"performance":[{"id":65,"tweet_id":"2060273330804969764","asset":"SIVE","direction":"long","entry_price":81.2,"target_price":null,"stop_loss_price":null,"signal_date":"2026-05-29T08:13:34.000Z","outcome":"pending","actual_return_pct":14.16256157635468,"notes":null,"updated_at":"2026-06-13T20:56:36.272Z","tweet_text":"Holy crap, this is the most bullish thing I’ve heard from $SIVE so far.\nFrom earnings transcripts:\n“We do not look at competitors when demand far outstrips supply” (literally anything they make gets bought)\nAlong with: “We see 60% gross margins in the future” (incredibly high)\n“We have two technologies that can feed into these three supercycles that are currently going on.” (Holy revenue opportunities)\nMy high conviction CPO/photonics long is $SIVE for a reason.\nGarrison Simon: Sivers' CEO on the call, \"We do not look at competitors when demand far outstrips supply.\"  $SIVE","tweet_date":"2026-05-29T08:13:34.000Z"},{"id":34,"tweet_id":"2059981363684802708","asset":"RPI","direction":"long","entry_price":800,"target_price":null,"stop_loss_price":null,"signal_date":"2026-05-28T12:53:24.000Z","outcome":"pending","actual_return_pct":1.0625,"notes":null,"updated_at":"2026-06-13T20:56:36.107Z","tweet_text":"Just in case people are wondering about my track record with European equities:\n$RPI: $280 -> $800 (agentic AI hardware demand thesis).\n$LPK: ~$6, thesis at $13 -> $24.2 (glass cores substrates close monopoly)\n$SOI: $44 -> $181 (silicon photonics, monopoly over substrates)\n$SIVE: $4 -> $71 (CPO, critical chokepoints over lasers).\n$IQE: $12 -> $47 (latent epiwafer capacity, information discovery around downstream photonics companies).\n$ALRIB: $5 -> $15 (duopoly, synthesis around quantum buyers with photonics growth verticals).\nAnd now $XFAB at $9.\nI’m not always right.\nBut every single one of my European longs thesis have been validated so far by either earnings, investments (eg. $MTSI in IQE) or market returns.","tweet_date":"2026-05-28T12:53:24.000Z"},{"id":13,"tweet_id":"2059848338028241193","asset":"XFAB","direction":"long","entry_price":8.98,"target_price":null,"stop_loss_price":null,"signal_date":"2026-05-28T04:04:48.000Z","outcome":"pending","actual_return_pct":13.919821826280623,"notes":null,"updated_at":"2026-06-13T20:56:36.004Z","tweet_text":"Appreciate the more neutral coverage by Reuters and Bloomberg on $XFAB today.\nAlthough it would be nicer to focus more on the structural thesis presented…\nAround 800 vdc power semis $NVDA exposure + with ongoing $NVDA / $NOK evaluations for photonics.\nAnd around CHIPS Act semiconductor sovereignty as the near term catalyst.\nRather than around volatility from novel information synthesis.\nI spend a lot of time looking at regulatory filings to find compelling things market missed you know…\nSerenity: $XFAB (photonics + power semis) is an interesting long idea at $1.28B MC, that I took positions in.\nGiven EU CHIPS act 2 is today as the catalyst for European photonics players.\n> 800 VDC power semi exposure to $NVDA push through $NVTS + $POWI\n> Silicon Photonics / CPO","tweet_date":"2026-05-28T04:04:48.000Z"},{"id":4,"tweet_id":"2059674880761860125","asset":"XFAB","direction":"long","entry_price":12.239999771118164,"target_price":null,"stop_loss_price":null,"signal_date":"2026-05-27T16:35:33.000Z","outcome":"pending","actual_return_pct":-16.42156706457637,"notes":null,"updated_at":"2026-06-13T20:56:35.901Z","tweet_text":"Bro media… how is $XFAB a meme stock?\nCan you not repeat the same mistake with $RPI this time?\nThey’re literally getting CHIPS ACT funding from the EU because of how critical they are.\nAnd have $NVDA / $NOK evaluating their SiPH side of things, while they traded at a low ~1.28 P/B.\nThis just reminded me of $SOI low p/b but high growth verticals out of legacy segment drag.\n$XFAB was literally mentioned for CHIPS ACT 2 next week in the blueprints… Which focuses around photonics.\nThe main revenue ramp was around power semis with $NVDA pushing 800 vdc.\nSo $NVTS, $POWI, $WOLF and everyone have been taking off recently.\nMarkets just missed $XFAB, because they’re a lesser known foundry in power semis…But US Dpt. Of commerce pointed them out as the only high volume SiC foundry in the US 2Y ago.\n I just happened to point out the connections.\nJust because you don’t understand something, don’t just go call it a “meme stock” with price detached from fundamentals.","tweet_date":"2026-05-27T16:35:33.000Z"},{"id":3,"tweet_id":"2059537337324085541","asset":"XFAB","direction":"long","entry_price":15.699999809265137,"target_price":null,"stop_loss_price":null,"signal_date":"2026-05-27T07:29:00.000Z","outcome":"pending","actual_return_pct":-34.840763539609036,"notes":null,"updated_at":"2026-06-13T20:56:35.816Z","tweet_text":"$45","tweet_date":"2026-05-27T07:29:00.000Z"},{"id":2,"tweet_id":"2059475755277713611","asset":"SIVE","direction":"long","entry_price":83.30000305175781,"target_price":null,"stop_loss_price":null,"signal_date":"2026-05-27T03:24:17.000Z","outcome":"pending","actual_return_pct":11.284509728530951,"notes":null,"updated_at":"2026-06-13T20:56:35.670Z","tweet_text":"FYI, EU Chips Act 2 is today, May 27th.\nThis one is expected to be targeted specially around photonics.\nThere happens to Europe’s leading photonics/laser company called $SIVE over in Sweden.\nThat also received US CHIPS act funding and is critical to Western supply chains.","tweet_date":"2026-05-27T03:24:17.000Z"},{"id":1,"tweet_id":"2059460622895751387","asset":"NVDA","direction":"long","entry_price":213.9988,"target_price":null,"stop_loss_price":null,"signal_date":"2026-05-27T02:24:10.000Z","outcome":"pending","actual_return_pct":-4.116284764213627,"notes":null,"updated_at":"2026-06-13T20:56:35.560Z","tweet_text":"There’s one very compelling name someone called out.\nThat I ended up taking positions in for power semi exposure.\nHeavily tied to $NVDA but not directly mentioned like $NVTS.\nCan anyone guess?Serenity: All right chat, crowdsourcing your #1 highest conviction (10x only) stock long for the Power Semi trade.\nEspecially given $NVDA pushing shift to 800 VDC.\nStuff like $NVTS or $WOLF, but high-beta, 10x potential only.  Anywhere around the world.\nWhat's your pick?","tweet_date":"2026-05-27T02:24:10.000Z"}],"digest":{"id":14,"generated_at":"2026-06-13T15:00:00.352Z","window_start":"2026-06-12T15:00:00.352Z","window_end":"2026-06-13T15:00:00.352Z","post_count":15,"headline":"China WF₆ Export Controls Spark Supply Chain Alert; SIVE Surges 1900%; SPCX Debuts Above $2.15T MC","summary":"A China-to-Japan tungsten hexafluoride export control is flagged as a major supply chain bottleneck threatening 25-35% of global WF₆ supply critical to SK Hynix, Samsung, and TSMC — with Korean firm Foosung (093370) identified as a key pure-play beneficiary. Separately, a previously published long thesis on SIVE has returned ~1900% in three months, with institutional buyers like JPM and Fidelity reportedly entering. Space-related SPCX began trading with a market cap cited above $2.15 trillion. Trump's political and military posts dominate volume but carry minimal direct market signal.","items":[{"post_id":"2065736884752703865","author":"aleabitoreddit","headline":"China WF₆ Export Controls Could Wipe Out 25% of Global Supply — Foosung Named Best Pure Play","blurb":"China's export controls on Japan are disrupting WF₆ supply chains critical to SK Hynix, Samsung, and TSMC, with one analyst estimating Foosung (093370, ~$1.2B MC) controls ~10% of affected supply and stands as the top non-China beneficiary. This is a high-conviction directional call with semiconductor supply-chain implications.","sentiment":"bullish","tickers":["TSM"],"importance":"high"},{"post_id":"2065758024896037020","author":"aleabitoreddit","headline":"Retail Piling Into Foosung as WF₆ Supply Crunch Gains Traction","blurb":"Follow-up post reinforces the Foosung (093370) thesis, noting that even retail investors are recognizing the third-order WF₆ supply chain impact — a sign the trade is spreading beyond institutional awareness and could accelerate momentum.","sentiment":"bullish","tickers":[],"importance":"high"},{"post_id":"2065779524248510758","author":"aleabitoreddit","headline":"SIVE Long Thesis Up ~1900% in Three Months as Institutions Enter","blurb":"Analyst claims a SIVE long call posted at 4 SEK has now returned approximately 1900%, with JPMorgan and Fidelity reported as recent position entrants — a notable institutional validation signal for a small-cap name.","sentiment":"bullish","tickers":["SIVE","AXTI"],"importance":"high"},{"post_id":"2065462946785030506","author":"aleabitoreddit","headline":"SPCX Begins Trading With Market Cap Cited Above $2.15 Trillion","blurb":"SPCX is noted as newly trading with a stated market cap exceeding $2.15 trillion — an extraordinary figure that warrants scrutiny but is market-moving context for anyone tracking the space economy sector.","sentiment":"bullish","tickers":["SPCX"],"importance":"medium"},{"post_id":"2065650434644304165","author":"aleabitoreddit","headline":"AI Supply Chain Wars: Export Controls Create Upstream Bottlenecks, Anthropic Restricted","blurb":"Analyst flags that cross-country export controls — analogous to the AXTI situation — are generating investment opportunities in upstream AI supply chains, while noting the U.S. government has restricted Anthropic model access on national security grounds.","sentiment":"mixed","tickers":["AXTI"],"importance":"medium"},{"post_id":"116740105083348004","author":"realdonaldtrump","headline":"Trump Announces Lethal Strike on Tren de Aragua Leader","blurb":"President Trump announces a U.S. military strike killing the head of Venezuelan gang Tren de Aragua — geopolitically notable but limited direct market signal unless it escalates regional tensions.","sentiment":"neutral","tickers":[],"importance":"low"},{"post_id":"116739176330480134","author":"realdonaldtrump","headline":"Department of War Debuts Recruitment Ad at UFC White House Event","blurb":"Trump announces the Department of War's first TV advertisement airing during a UFC event at the White House — cultural/political signal, minimal direct market impact.","sentiment":"neutral","tickers":[],"importance":"low"}],"model":"claude-sonnet-4-6","input_tokens":2485,"output_tokens":1705,"created_at":"2026-06-13T15:00:29.468Z"},"analysts":[{"id":"serenity","name":"Serenity","blurb":"Markets & trade signals","platforms":{"x":"aleabitoreddit"}},{"id":"trump","name":"Donald J. Trump","blurb":"Policy & macro","platforms":{"x":"realDonaldTrump","truthsocial":"realDonaldTrump"}}],"trending":{"7":{"window":7,"windowDays":7,"generatedAt":"2026-06-13T21:00:39.994Z","tickers":[{"name":"SIVE","current":20,"prior":58,"deltaPct":-65.51724137931035,"series":[2,4,4,3,4,2,1],"rank":1,"priorRank":1,"isNew":false},{"name":"NVDA","current":17,"prior":30,"deltaPct":-43.333333333333336,"series":[5,1,0,7,4,0,0],"rank":2,"priorRank":2,"isNew":false},{"name":"AAOI","current":10,"prior":13,"deltaPct":-23.076923076923077,"series":[1,0,3,1,4,1,0],"rank":3,"priorRank":5,"isNew":false},{"name":"LITE","current":10,"prior":14,"deltaPct":-28.57142857142857,"series":[1,0,2,4,1,2,0],"rank":4,"priorRank":4,"isNew":false},{"name":"AXTI","current":9,"prior":3,"deltaPct":200,"series":[3,0,1,0,2,1,2],"rank":5,"priorRank":19,"isNew":false},{"name":"INTC","current":8,"prior":1,"deltaPct":700,"series":[3,2,1,0,2,0,0],"rank":6,"priorRank":47,"isNew":false},{"name":"TSM","current":8,"prior":4,"deltaPct":100,"series":[2,1,0,0,1,3,1],"rank":7,"priorRank":18,"isNew":false},{"name":"MRVL","current":7,"prior":13,"deltaPct":-46.15384615384615,"series":[1,3,2,0,1,0,0],"rank":8,"priorRank":6,"isNew":false},{"name":"MU","current":6,"prior":3,"deltaPct":100,"series":[3,0,0,2,1,0,0],"rank":9,"priorRank":22,"isNew":false},{"name":"NBIS","current":6,"prior":8,"deltaPct":-25,"series":[1,0,1,0,1,3,0],"rank":10,"priorRank":7,"isNew":false}],"domains":[]},"30":{"window":30,"windowDays":30,"generatedAt":"2026-06-13T21:00:39.999Z","tickers":[{"name":"SIVE","current":124,"prior":0,"deltaPct":null,"series":[0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,2,8,7,18,6,5,4,20,4,5,17,5,3,2,4,4,3,4,2,1],"rank":1,"priorRank":null,"isNew":true},{"name":"NVDA","current":68,"prior":0,"deltaPct":null,"series":[0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,3,8,7,0,3,1,11,5,3,5,2,3,5,1,0,7,4,0,0],"rank":2,"priorRank":null,"isNew":true},{"name":"AAOI","current":40,"prior":0,"deltaPct":null,"series":[0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,3,7,2,0,4,1,5,0,1,0,4,2,1,0,3,1,4,1,0],"rank":3,"priorRank":null,"isNew":true},{"name":"XFAB","current":37,"prior":0,"deltaPct":null,"series":[0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,6,4,0,1,1,9,2,7,0,0,2,1,1,0,0,3,0,0],"rank":4,"priorRank":null,"isNew":true},{"name":"LITE","current":35,"prior":0,"deltaPct":null,"series":[0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,4,3,0,3,1,4,2,0,6,1,0,1,0,2,4,1,2,0],"rank":5,"priorRank":null,"isNew":true},{"name":"MRVL","current":25,"prior":0,"deltaPct":null,"series":[0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,4,0,1,1,3,5,0,3,0,1,1,3,2,0,1,0,0],"rank":6,"priorRank":null,"isNew":true},{"name":"SOI","current":20,"prior":0,"deltaPct":null,"series":[0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,1,4,5,0,0,1,3,0,1,1,0,0,1,0,0,0,2,0,0],"rank":7,"priorRank":null,"isNew":true},{"name":"AXTI","current":18,"prior":0,"deltaPct":null,"series":[0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,1,3,0,0,1,1,2,0,0,0,0,0,3,0,1,0,2,1,2],"rank":8,"priorRank":null,"isNew":true},{"name":"NBIS","current":16,"prior":0,"deltaPct":null,"series":[0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,5,1,2,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,3,0],"rank":9,"priorRank":null,"isNew":true},{"name":"JBL","current":13,"prior":0,"deltaPct":null,"series":[0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,3,0,2,0,0,1,1,0,1,0,3,0,0,0,0],"rank":10,"priorRank":null,"isNew":true}],"domains":[{"name":"AI / ML","current":11,"prior":0,"deltaPct":null,"series":[0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,4,4,0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0],"rank":1,"priorRank":null,"isNew":true},{"name":"Semiconductors","current":10,"prior":0,"deltaPct":null,"series":[0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,4,2,1,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0],"rank":2,"priorRank":null,"isNew":true},{"name":"CPO / Optical Networking","current":8,"prior":0,"deltaPct":null,"series":[0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,3,2,1,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0],"rank":3,"priorRank":null,"isNew":true},{"name":"Consumer Tech","current":5,"prior":0,"deltaPct":null,"series":[0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,1,1,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0],"rank":4,"priorRank":null,"isNew":true},{"name":"Energy","current":3,"prior":0,"deltaPct":null,"series":[0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,1,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0],"rank":5,"priorRank":null,"isNew":true},{"name":"Industrials","current":3,"prior":0,"deltaPct":null,"series":[0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0],"rank":6,"priorRank":null,"isNew":true},{"name":"Biotech / Healthcare","current":2,"prior":0,"deltaPct":null,"series":[0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0],"rank":7,"priorRank":null,"isNew":true},{"name":"Cloud Computing","current":2,"prior":0,"deltaPct":null,"series":[0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0],"rank":8,"priorRank":null,"isNew":true},{"name":"Retail / E-Commerce","current":2,"prior":0,"deltaPct":null,"series":[0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0],"rank":9,"priorRank":null,"isNew":true},{"name":"Electric Vehicles","current":1,"prior":0,"deltaPct":null,"series":[0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0],"rank":10,"priorRank":null,"isNew":true}]},"90":{"window":90,"windowDays":90,"generatedAt":"2026-06-13T21:00:40.006Z","tickers":[{"name":"SIVE","current":124,"prior":0,"deltaPct":null,"series":[0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,2,8,7,18,6,5,4,20,4,5,17,5,3,2,4,4,3,4,2,1],"rank":1,"priorRank":null,"isNew":true},{"name":"NVDA","current":68,"prior":0,"deltaPct":null,"series":[0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,3,8,7,0,3,1,11,5,3,5,2,3,5,1,0,7,4,0,0],"rank":2,"priorRank":null,"isNew":true},{"name":"AAOI","current":40,"prior":0,"deltaPct":null,"series":[0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,3,7,2,0,4,1,5,0,1,0,4,2,1,0,3,1,4,1,0],"rank":3,"priorRank":null,"isNew":true},{"name":"XFAB","current":37,"prior":0,"deltaPct":null,"series":[0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,6,4,0,1,1,9,2,7,0,0,2,1,1,0,0,3,0,0],"rank":4,"priorRank":null,"isNew":true},{"name":"LITE","current":35,"prior":0,"deltaPct":null,"series":[0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,4,3,0,3,1,4,2,0,6,1,0,1,0,2,4,1,2,0],"rank":5,"priorRank":null,"isNew":true},{"name":"MRVL","current":25,"prior":0,"deltaPct":null,"series":[0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,4,0,1,1,3,5,0,3,0,1,1,3,2,0,1,0,0],"rank":6,"priorRank":null,"isNew":true},{"name":"SOI","current":20,"prior":0,"deltaPct":null,"series":[0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,1,4,5,0,0,1,3,0,1,1,0,0,1,0,0,0,2,0,0],"rank":7,"priorRank":null,"isNew":true},{"name":"AXTI","current":18,"prior":0,"deltaPct":null,"series":[0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,1,3,0,0,1,1,2,0,0,0,0,0,3,0,1,0,2,1,2],"rank":8,"priorRank":null,"isNew":true},{"name":"NBIS","current":16,"prior":0,"deltaPct":null,"series":[0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,5,1,2,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,3,0],"rank":9,"priorRank":null,"isNew":true},{"name":"JBL","current":13,"prior":0,"deltaPct":null,"series":[0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,3,0,2,0,0,1,1,0,1,0,3,0,0,0,0],"rank":10,"priorRank":null,"isNew":true}],"domains":[{"name":"AI / ML","current":11,"prior":0,"deltaPct":null,"series":[0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,4,4,0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0],"rank":1,"priorRank":null,"isNew":true},{"name":"Semiconductors","current":10,"prior":0,"deltaPct":null,"series":[0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,4,2,1,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0],"rank":2,"priorRank":null,"isNew":true},{"name":"CPO / Optical Networking","current":8,"prior":0,"deltaPct":null,"series":[0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,3,2,1,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0],"rank":3,"priorRank":null,"isNew":true},{"name":"Consumer Tech","current":5,"prior":0,"deltaPct":null,"series":[0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,1,1,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0],"rank":4,"priorRank":null,"isNew":true},{"name":"Energy","current":3,"prior":0,"deltaPct":null,"series":[0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,1,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0],"rank":5,"priorRank":null,"isNew":true},{"name":"Industrials","current":3,"prior":0,"deltaPct":null,"series":[0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0],"rank":6,"priorRank":null,"isNew":true},{"name":"Biotech / Healthcare","current":2,"prior":0,"deltaPct":null,"series":[0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0],"rank":7,"priorRank":null,"isNew":true},{"name":"Cloud Computing","current":2,"prior":0,"deltaPct":null,"series":[0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0],"rank":8,"priorRank":null,"isNew":true},{"name":"Retail / E-Commerce","current":2,"prior":0,"deltaPct":null,"series":[0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0],"rank":9,"priorRank":null,"isNew":true},{"name":"Electric Vehicles","current":1,"prior":0,"deltaPct":null,"series":[0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0],"rank":10,"priorRank":null,"isNew":true}]},"all":{"window":"all","windowDays":null,"generatedAt":"2026-06-13T21:00:40.008Z","tickers":[{"name":"SIVE","current":124,"prior":null,"deltaPct":null,"series":null,"rank":1,"priorRank":null,"isNew":false},{"name":"NBIS","current":78,"prior":null,"deltaPct":null,"series":null,"rank":2,"priorRank":null,"isNew":false},{"name":"NVDA","current":70,"prior":null,"deltaPct":null,"series":null,"rank":3,"priorRank":null,"isNew":false},{"name":"AAOI","current":40,"prior":null,"deltaPct":null,"series":null,"rank":4,"priorRank":null,"isNew":false},{"name":"IREN","current":38,"prior":null,"deltaPct":null,"series":null,"rank":5,"priorRank":null,"isNew":false},{"name":"XFAB","current":37,"prior":null,"deltaPct":null,"series":null,"rank":6,"priorRank":null,"isNew":false},{"name":"LITE","current":35,"prior":null,"deltaPct":null,"series":null,"rank":7,"priorRank":null,"isNew":false},{"name":"CIFR","current":30,"prior":null,"deltaPct":null,"series":null,"rank":8,"priorRank":null,"isNew":false},{"name":"MRVL","current":28,"prior":null,"deltaPct":null,"series":null,"rank":9,"priorRank":null,"isNew":false},{"name":"TSM","current":23,"prior":null,"deltaPct":null,"series":null,"rank":10,"priorRank":null,"isNew":false}],"domains":[{"name":"AI / ML","current":11,"prior":null,"deltaPct":null,"series":null,"rank":1,"priorRank":null,"isNew":false},{"name":"Semiconductors","current":10,"prior":null,"deltaPct":null,"series":null,"rank":2,"priorRank":null,"isNew":false},{"name":"CPO / Optical Networking","current":8,"prior":null,"deltaPct":null,"series":null,"rank":3,"priorRank":null,"isNew":false},{"name":"Consumer Tech","current":5,"prior":null,"deltaPct":null,"series":null,"rank":4,"priorRank":null,"isNew":false},{"name":"Energy","current":3,"prior":null,"deltaPct":null,"series":null,"rank":5,"priorRank":null,"isNew":false},{"name":"Industrials","current":3,"prior":null,"deltaPct":null,"series":null,"rank":6,"priorRank":null,"isNew":false},{"name":"Biotech / Healthcare","current":2,"prior":null,"deltaPct":null,"series":null,"rank":7,"priorRank":null,"isNew":false},{"name":"Cloud Computing","current":2,"prior":null,"deltaPct":null,"series":null,"rank":8,"priorRank":null,"isNew":false},{"name":"Retail / E-Commerce","current":2,"prior":null,"deltaPct":null,"series":null,"rank":9,"priorRank":null,"isNew":false},{"name":"Electric Vehicles","current":1,"prior":null,"deltaPct":null,"series":null,"rank":10,"priorRank":null,"isNew":false}]}},"edition":164,"dateStr":"Saturday, June 13, 2026","tab":"feed","sentiment":"all","domain":"","analyst":"all"}}],["$L46","$L47","$L48"],"$L49"]}],"isPartial":false,"staleTime":300,"varyParams":null,"buildId":"qUUqBN-DZebU-rnGZHg21"}
46:["$","script","script-0",{"src":"/market-brief/_next/static/chunks/0ka051yepewro.js","async":true}]
47:["$","script","script-1",{"src":"/market-brief/_next/static/chunks/0s_ef34nk2ekd.js","async":true}]
48:["$","script","script-2",{"src":"/market-brief/_next/static/chunks/14a8r5bgtnae~.js","async":true}]
49:["$","$L4a",null,{"children":["$","$4b",null,{"name":"Next.MetadataOutlet","children":"$@4c"}]}]
4c:null
